A lesson from a teacher with a passion for education made me think that computer education can be so interesting and made me understand what a teacher with a passion for education should look like.
In the Modern Educational Technology class in my junior year, I studied video shooting and editing, whiteboard teaching, video recording, and other educational technologies needed in the 21st century, so I learned some video production steps and techniques, the quick and convenient whiteboard teaching, and the skills of recording micro lessons on my own.
Teaching system design course learned to create lesson plan ppt
Education apprenticeship course learned to write a lesson plan and take a complete lesson
Mr. Zheng Guomin presented a foreign classroom for us
This semester, I went through a trial lecture, prepared for a long time, and saw my shortcomings and the direction of improvement in the process.
The language curriculum reform has made me face up to the development of the language curriculum again and the necessary ability to give good language lessons
Taking a course on language curriculum reform
Best experience:Using online resources (e.g. databases, etc.) to help myself read and learn
Completing a 12-minute classroom trial with the help of my classmates, listening to the suggestions of the teacher and my classmates, revising the course design afterwards, and knowing my shortcomings by comparing myself with others.
None
Took a class with Mr. Zheng Guomin
Visiting an observatory
A teacher who has been teaching for fifteen years shared his experience and insights on instructional design. Although teaching is often seen as an industry of experience, teaching cannot be taught well from experience alone; it is a science.
Learned an introduction to teaching secondary school physics
Learned the importance of giving the classroom back to the students
Learned to write lesson plans, tried to lecture, and got comments from first-line master teachers
Whiteboard operation
Participated in a teaching skills competition
As an acting classroom teacher, I have grown a lot by spending time with the children. I will think carefully about each person and treat them equally.
None
I must pay attention to the communication with students during the class, otherwise I can't improve the efficiency of the lesson
Without
Learning with whiteboard
There are many different ways to conduct lessons and it is very important to choose the right way.
After learning how to use the whiteboard
Stimulate students' creativity
Learned more about the topic of gratitude in the pedagogy classroom
Interacting with students
Learned some relevant teaching software, such as ggb, which can help students understand new knowledge very well
When I went to teach, I deeply felt the unfairness of education caused by the uneven distribution of geographical resources. In the remote areas of northwest China, many teachers do not know how to use electronic technology in class.
The deep integration of mathematics education with information technology is not only using PowerPoint or electronic whiteboard, but also integrating graph theory and database into the design of mathematics education
During the teaching process we adopted a circle seating method for the students, the children were very active in discussing problems, using a combination of multimedia and board books in class, and using encouraging teaching, they would all go from being timid and afraid of being wrong at the beginning to being active in question and answer later
Teachers should teach with love
The educational psychology course was amazing to learn about the psychological and thinking characteristics of students at different stages.
Steam Course
Learned to work with others
I gained a deeper understanding of the teaching profession and strengthened my will
During the educational internship, under the guidance of Ms. Ningning Zhao, I learned to prepare lessons in a group of experts
Learned to use multimedia technology to present and prove ideas derived from analysis of literature and cases, rather than just using words and language.
Once in the teaching of hyperbola, a student asked me why I chose the coordinate system in this way, because I did not have any preparation and experience, I was so busy and confused, and then I hastily explained, probably saying that it was inconvenient or complicated in other ways, and did not give the basis of proof. Then I based on the principle of choosing the coordinate system in mathematics, starting from several ways to prove, and finally get the easiest form, this thing is very important to me, and taught me how to deal with unexpected problems.
Group work
The most important experience was a trial lecture, which took a long time to prepare, and I learned a lot.
I was very impressed by the students' love for learning when I was teaching.
There is no story.
In Ms. Juyan Ye's class, she shared various cases she encountered listening to school experiences and analyzed them
Working together with partners using cameras and editing tools, etc., dividing the work and original video works
The most important experience was the presentation of the practical training course on teaching skills. I prepared for a long time and finally stood on the podium and presented all the strengths and weaknesses to the teachers and classmates, and got comments and suggestions from the teachers and classmates. And I saw many valuable traits that teachers should have from their classmates.
These lessons have changed my evaluation criteria of what makes a good teacher
During the education internship, I reflected on theory through practice and improved practice through theory, and although I encountered some resistance, I also gained a lot of progress.
None
Course Design
Formed my own opinions by reading a lot of classical literature.
I worked with my group members to design lesson plans, activities, collaborate on presentations, and benefit from watching others' presentations in the English pedagogy and instructional design courses.
Educational Internship
After one of the assessment sessions, my supervisor suggested that I should learn to be creative and use more innovative methods to teach better, which would not only help me, but also be better received by the students.
Live teaching using the classin platform
No
None
None
None
I collaborated with my dorm-mates to write a textbook of my own mind
My internship experience at Qinghai Datong Seventh Middle School has greatly improved my lecturing and classroom management skills and influenced a group of local students, which was very touching.
On ways to increase student participation in class
The most important experience was once spending a long time and a lot of effort to prepare a fifteen-minute lesson, presenting it in front of the whole class and videotaping the whole thing, and finally getting several teachers' comments and students' opinions~
Microgrid Classroom
During the education internship, as an intern classroom teacher and intern teacher, we went deep into the actual classroom to truly experience the teaching profession in all aspects, which is very important for acquiring 21st century skills in practical terms.
Learning in the Teaching Botanical Garden: Learning how to do experiential learning and applying it to everyday teaching!
The pedagogy teacher had us try to incorporate our own life experiences into the classroom and tell about them in this way. I didn't like it at first, but the teacher slowly encouraged me to start trying it out and found it worked well and wasn't that hard
The Importance of Instructional Design
I guess it's the developmental psychology course that I'm minoring in this semester. When I recently reviewed this course I went through my old diaries and stuff and compared the language of current junior high school students. I feel that I can't say that everyone, but many people, many students, are in a process of developing from low to high level like this. In this process, the teacher should always pay attention to the students and actively build the nearest development area so that each student can achieve free and comprehensive development.
What the teacher explains in the teacher's curriculum design course; and what is learned by participating in other training activities.
None
Homeschool experience
What are the 21st century skills
Learning teaching methods
Experiencing and evaluating a teacher's class is the best experience. Some specialized teachers are so organized and good at regulating the classroom atmosphere that I would not be able to resist going out of class to ask the teacher if the examples were thought out in advance and how the teacher prepared the class
Communication with students
The PowerPoint shared allows for multi-faceted questions and attempts to answer them
Harmony with everyone through communication
None
Gained a lot of knowledge
Using multimedia to show relevant course videos for teaching
I think the most useful and practical thing for me would be multimedia technology, not only simple slideshow production, but also video and audio production, learning how to present diverse life to students through diverse media tools, so that they can experience first-hand the vitality of fresh knowledge, I have learned many practical small skills.
For the production of the study sheets for elementary school students at the National Museum, the teacher asked us to update a version every week, and there was a huge gap between the study sheets formed at the end of the semester and the initial ones compared. So I think we need time to accumulate and think deeply in the learning of the course. This task of making study sheets has improved my ability to cooperate and innovate and communicate.
In the critical reading and writing class, I did a pre on a topic of my choice, and discussed the legalization of sex trade with my foreign teacher and classmates.
AR, VR in education
In the class of nanomaterials, the teacher grouped us and taught us various methods of reviewing literature, and at the end of the class, we were allowed to simulate the process of defending our projects. In the process of preparing for the defense, we learned a series of skills such as group work and resource integration.
The teacher demonstrated many of the latest methods of physical education and training
None
In the modern education technology course, I felt the close connection between "Internet" and education, and in the thesis writing process, I combined history and digital resources, and gained a lot of resources that I did not know before.
Educational Internship
Modern educational technology video shooting assignment
In one of the group classes, I investigated the principle of primary battery construction in a project-based teaching, disassembled and assembled it by myself, and then designed a teaching plan, which was very rewarding and recognized.
Being a tutor puts teaching skills into practice
Using comprehension and critical response as a way to practice communication
Collaborative projects where group members collaborate on translations and have group competitions are very effective in teaching and learning, with lively discussions.
To inspire students To be student-centered
Lead the class from the front line
Learn to create class materials with multimedia
None
My project is about critical thinking research and cultivation. Through solving different task type problems, I explore students' critical thinking problem solving ability, help students to establish the thinking path of task solving and improve their critical thinking ability.
Participating in teacher training skills competitions such as classroom simulation, courseware production, and teaching aids production greatly enhances one's ability to apply educational information technology, presentation skills, and teamwork skills in competition; participating in off-campus research projects exercises more skills in data collection, analysis, problem solving, and presentation of results. Off-campus research is not only available to teacher trainees, but it is an opportunity for me to practice in the course of my major.
None
English literature presentation
Working on a difficult group task with WeChat
Internship in a school classroom
Learning to analyze students with statistical data software
Interviews, social observations (qualitative research classes)
Review of foreign literature
None
Participating in the course with people of different majors and grades, facing the problem of consent, we think from different perspectives, which is very inspiring for me to think about the way I think when I think about the problem
Rain class, you can interact with the teacher in real time
It doesn't seem to be too profound.
Recitation of classics
Group work to complete a paper
spss course
The experience of education apprenticeship was able to discover different teachers in different schools Students and teaching, which was very touching
None
No significant experience
None
Basically none ......
When designing lesson plans for a museum tour program for middle school students, they adopted a cross-referencing of maps of China and the world of the time to develop students' international perspectives and to bridge the boundaries between disciplines and integrate literature and science when introducing bronze artifacts.
Students have critical thinking
The results obtained through their own continuous efforts
Respect for each student's voice and perspective, listening to different voices
In the History of Chinese and Foreign Education class, our teacher used a cooperative group learning model, and our group went through it several times. After the group study, the six of us built up a deep friendship, and later we developed into a class that was not originally in the same class, and then finally. Then we went out to eat, drink and have fun together. This is my deep impression, I think this kind of cooperation all the time.
In Mr. Hu Xueliang's class, I profoundly learned to exercise the ability of cooperative inquiry.
Participating in the teacher skills competition
The internship instructor's overall grasp and design of the classroom
Doing interviews
None
Knowledge learning
Through videos or cases for students to learn the appropriate skills
None
Online courses
Go to school and do activities with children
Don't know
Frontline Internship
My professional learning has given me a better understanding of the differences between students, equality and inclusion, especially that children with disabilities learn and progress together with ordinary children, inspiring me how to explore better educational approaches and teaching strategies in my practice.
Interaction with people
None
Comparing education policies of different countries
The teacher will mostly use the case study method to show cases so that students can have their own judgment first, and the teacher will show his own judgment and reasoning later, so that we have to exercise critical thinking
Learned the theoretical and practical contents of foreign frontiers
Classroom cases shared by teachers in class.
This semester, we took a modern information technology class, Ms. Wu Juan brought us a lot of advanced ideas and read the book "21st Century Skills". Learned to pay attention to and take the initiative to improve skills from the consciousness.
Learning about educational technology has helped me to build up my self-confidence
Improved collaboration skills
In the previous qualitative research course, the teacher asked us to construct a mind map, and the class was based on group discussion and collaboration to complete a task.
None
The education and subject courses have improved my critical thinking, collaboration, communication, creativity and ability to use technology as a learning tool, mainly in the use of multimedia in teaching and in the communication process with colleagues, leaders and students.
I was impressed by the learning of cooperative skills, where groups of students work together to plan tasks, divide the work, and at the same time think together, communicate and think in the face of open questions
None
Participation in high-end lesson preparation
Communication and organizational skills: the teacher asked each student to share his or her ideas during the lesson. Teamwork skills: the group works together to create the lesson and complete the task together
None
Learned in-depth professional knowledge and acquired some skills
One time when it rained heavily, the tutor's parents gave me an umbrella before I left home, which was very touching.
No
No
No
Lecture and lecture in the discussion class on the development of professional beliefs of teachers held by the number of points
None
None
I think it is most meaningful for me to learn about how teachers can speak and write in order to interest students and develop a quality classroom.
Ms. Zhang Lili's story
The story of Lili Zhang, a teacher who moved China
In the class on professional beliefs and education, the teacher showed the top ten people who moved China, and the story of one of the people's teachers was very moving.
None
None
 Through face-to-face communication with students, students' attitude towards learning has changed for the better
None
First English presentation with PPT, making full use of data organization and other methods
Social practice activities such as teaching and research
In the course of Principles of Education, I interacted and discussed with the teacher in the WeChat group, and learned to understand the perspective and content of other students' thinking, and was deeply touched by some of the teacher's theories.
In the developmental psychology and education apprenticeship two courses have a certain understanding of children, the apprenticeship to meet a variety of students let me recognize different areas of different educational models under the student style, there is a preliminary comparison, I feel that the education I received is still quite a lot of shortcomings, different classroom interaction mode also let me better understand what kind of teacher students need
Cooperation ability: In the professional courses, many group presentations and educational internships are multi-person cooperation, need to communicate with each other, clear division of labor, each person needs to put forward their own suggestions and views, the final result is the result of multi-person presentation, in the group cooperation, my brother two levels older will actively give us suggestions, but also listen to our views, from him I learned a lot!
The best experience was the experiment I did in my developmental psychology class. The experiment was about studying children's spatial arithmetic and the ability to copy shapes, which was very interesting and tested our endurance and thinking skills.
The students were engaged in several group experiments or research studies to learn about the knowledge and methods. For example, we conducted group experiments in developmental psychology, so that we could fully participate in the whole process from the experimental design to the analysis and presentation of the findings, and we conducted research in educational statistics, determined the topic, and collected and analyzed data, which greatly improved our abilities.
Participate in educational internships to learn in depth, feel the atmosphere of the school, and observe the teaching process from an observer's perspective
In the subject courses, I got a deeper understanding of my major, plus the educational internship made the learned theories to practice, which is an amazing process
In Ms. Yan Liu's class, direct quotes of thoughts, ideas, and opinions from books or literature were criticized for not having their own thinking.
I was more impressed when I independently found information for presentation to learn "modern physics and secondary school physics"; students' independent presentation of the course helped me a lot in the acquisition of the course
Qualitative research group cooperation ability, graduate students key ability development
In the educational internship, I learned from my supervisor (the class teacher of the class I was teaching) how to make students work in groups efficiently
Taking the initiative to find foreign literature and other materials, translate and analyze them, and learn about the culture of the target country
The first lesson was not very good, but I took the initiative to improve it, searched for the teaching video of the lesson on the Internet, communicated with the instructor, and finally made significant progress
Worked with students in my small class to complete a video shoot and unite them step by step
communication skills are trained in many courses, the instructor will constantly ask us to demonstrate, and group cooperation skills are improved in the process
Group cooperation does develop individual cooperation skills to a great extent, how to divide the work and work together to complete tasks, so that everyone has a deeper appreciation and ability to cooperate
Application of simulation software for teaching
During my undergraduate studies, I designed my own kindergarten curriculum with the goal of designing a kindergarten-based curriculum from the first class, thinking about the future of society and what kind of people to train.
I have participated in the Teacher Education Institute to make guidance to the kindergarten in Jingtong, dare to a project, during the professional development of teachers, art curriculum as an in-depth study, as a researcher is based on the understanding of this concept of the teacher's lesson plan to modify the assessment and correction, the results come out, the teacher is very hard, we will also be very happy.
The group work made me realize the importance of cooperation and communication, and the foreign culture beauty course helped me to improve my international understanding international understanding, at least let me understand a little bit about foreign cultures and try to break cultural stereotypes
The course is mostly based on discussion and the teacher's explanation, which helps me learn and improve my thinking skills
Teachers will often use group work to improve students' ability to work together
Read the same book with teachers and classmates in specialized classes, and demonstrate their understanding of specific content, improving their specific literature interpretation skills through communication and exchange, and developing their critical thinking skills and communication skills
Share mind maps with students and record learning by making handbooks
The use of multimedia technology can maximize students' interest, and better teaching results can be achieved with the help of film and literature resources when teaching the recent history of Sui, Tang and Five Dynasties in the second semester of the first year.
2 Unfilled
A course is offered in class in the form of group discussion, and different groups are scored and evaluated
Learning to prepare for the course and gaining a sense of accomplishment
Acquire relevant knowledge and skills to prepare theoretically for dealing with unexpected problems in life
Students can give their opinions, develop their dialectical thinking, and develop a sense of cooperation through group work
Local practical skills, internship ideology and morality classes in their hometown, combined with technology courses
Go outside to preach the spirit of the 19th National Congress, the video in the PPT is very moving
Communication skills, the teacher will ask us to lecture on the stage, in the process of lecturing is also an experience of communication with the classmates support exchange
Philosophy class to get life enlightenment is, philosophy is not a philosopher need to think about the problem, but also we need to use critical thinking in life to think, systematic study of philosophy can let us have a better explanation of life and life perception
To focus on the democratic atmosphere in the classroom, and strive to give full play to the subjectivity of students, rather than the teacher's monolithic
Ability to cooperate. Participate in Mr. Hu's class, the teacher assigned the homework room group work and is a brand new topic, the teacher led the students to divide the big homework into small parts and arrange to complete some every week, which requires us to discuss every week, insist on a semester after, whether it is course learning or future assignments, help to achieve great results
Through teaching learn how to make attractive PPT and mind maps, you road and knowledge integration of the organization of ideas
No formal teacher education program and no relevant experience
The most important experience was the first time I recorded a lecture video, although it was only 15 minutes long, it was really the first time I went to the podium, and I really experienced what it was like to be a teacher by preparing a lesson plan, designing a lesson, and making slides for a trial lecture in advance.
No related experience
Did not study
None
None
Teaching design course group lecture, we all work together to design and share among different groups of guest speakers
There were a lot of group work and presentation activities in the classroom which helped to improve individual speaking and pre skills
Using the software learned in class to create a PPT for teaching
Use PPT and video to educate in the lecture
I wrote a report after the kindergarten observation and then made a PPT for my personal presentation, and the teacher would give feedback and I would revise it myself.
Writing observation reports after each kindergarten observation, behavior of children, combining theory and practice, and exercising my critical thinking
When studying certain courses, there are group assignments and individual assignments, and if the teacher is demanding for the assignments, it will take more effort. Group assignments exercise the ability to communicate cooperatively, and it is very fulfilling for a group to negotiate and discuss several times and finally gather into one work.
Database search and the process of developing logical thinking
I was impressed by the experience of the PBL project learning method, especially when the course was offered with the announcement of detailed and clear evaluation criteria, which was very different from other courses that lacked the necessary feedback and helped me a lot
The four-year education apprenticeship offered by the Education Department provided an opportunity to observe classrooms, interact with students, and learn about different schools' teaching philosophies and unique teaching methods.
I was impressed by the teacher's focus on authenticity when I spoke with elementary school students about their diaries, which were originally told in accordance with the writing.
None
Using technology as a learning tool. I benefited from the teacher's recommendation in the linguistics class to use learning software to learn Cocoa English, English Fluency, etc. I still use it today and have started to explore different software myself to use it in my life learning such as Love Clip, mind-manager, PS, MP3-cut, etc.
In the Critical Thinking Reading and Writing class, I have to write a real and justified English response of 500 words or more every week; in the Curriculum and Materials, I have to evaluate and adapt the materials.
In one of my courses, at the request of the teacher, we formed a group and decided to make a video assignment after some discussion.
Teaching with PPT
None
None
Participate in experience sharing session
I participated in the mathematical modeling competition with a team of three people, from not knowing anything about the topic, to reviewing the literature, collaborating on the modeling, and completing the mathematical model, it was a great experience.
Collaborative experience, co-teaching with other teachers, rationalization of division of labor
What are the 21st century skills
Conducting research activities with classmates, exploring relevant topics by reviewing literature, which requires cooperation with group members, sharing, and discussing with teachers
2017.7 Teaching cheerleading to high school students in Inner Mongolia, the students learned very seriously and had a lot of fun
None
Participated in an off-campus debate competition with my classmates
Learning soccer related skills
Going into famous schools, such as the Second Affiliated Middle School of Beijing Normal University, the Third Affiliated Middle School, Beijing Ninety-fourth Middle School, etc., carrying out forms such as going into classes to listen to lessons, communicating directly with front-line master teachers, and gaining a lot during organizing and participating in philosophy activities
In the first semester of my sophomore year, the English homework assignments were mostly innovative, such as asking us to design our own marriage ads, play the role of travelers in a travel company, use various resources to make presentations, etc. The group work tested our ability to cooperate and the division of labor within the team was important. In the end, both of these assignments achieved good results.
In the sophomore semester of the Educational Organizational Behavior course, when the teacher assigned group work tasks, each group member was able to immediately engage in group work, actively communicate, and face the division of labor everyone to consult, communicate, cooperate, and solve real-world problems, and group members used the Internet, multimedia technology to share and exchange their research results and progress in a timely manner.
Use the Internet to find relevant texts on preschool education policies in different countries and the history of policy evolution
For my educational leadership coursework, I was tasked with surveying teacher performance pay satisfaction in my high school. I first managed to contact my high school classroom teacher by phone to get his input and also get him to agree to help me distribute the questionnaire among the teachers. With the help of my teacher I managed to collect the data and also with the guidance of my classroom teacher, I managed to complete this assignment and received the highest score.
Participating in teacher internship and thinking about real educational problems in the framework of the theories I learned.
As the 21st reality is the information age, I have made full use of the Internet and information technology to complete my assignments. The first step is to collect information through China Knowledge Network and other online resources where the quality and reliability of the resources should be judged. Then I used word to complete the document writing. Finally, the presentation report is completed using PowerPoint.
Artificial Intelligence, Deep Learning, Digital Image Processing, Blockchain
Did not attend
On April 20, we went to Peking University High School to observe the "Python programming based on Micro: bit open source hardware" course. This experience made me realize the benefits of technology in education. I used to find programming boring and tedious, but this Python course was so interesting. The small Micro:bit board greatly reduces the students' learning pressure and makes learning like playing. Information technology is developing rapidly, and the appropriate use of technology for teaching activities is a must for teachers.
In the course "Robotics Innovation Design and Competition", we realistically as students learn basic robotics programming techniques and later use them to solve some real-world problems or complete a project, and then later take the teacher's perspective and simulate how they would like to explain robotics to primary and secondary school students.
It should be said that for computer science students, it is teamwork, because no matter who it is, after they go to the society, as long as they are engaged in the computer field, they cannot do without teamwork. Whether it is a big assignment at the undergraduate level or an undergraduate project, it can be a great exercise of one's teamwork skills.
In a language teaching course, our teacher invited a Taiwanese Mandarin teacher to share local educational concepts with us, which opened our eyes.
In a course called Corpus Methods and Techniques, the teacher knew that we used a data visualization software called Gephi to analyze the gift poems of Tang Dynasty poets, and sing and rob mine. The mesh diagram was very innovative and intuitive, and motivated myself to learn more about information science and technology-assisted teaching.
The course "Language Curriculum Reform" benefited me a lot.
Interviewing with the teacher and mastering some skills through prior training was able to be completed successfully.
Theories related to child psychology in pedagogy. It was practiced or verified in my life. The most obvious aspect is the psychological development of infants.
In my professional course, I did an interview with a teacher and asked him to talk about his perceptions and experiences in his 30 years of teaching. The teacher then mentioned many memorable students he had met during his teaching career. His definition of a teacher was satisfaction and heaviness, happiness and satisfaction from teaching and teaching students well, and a heavy heart from students experiencing hardship or going astray. The teacher's words and his emotions deeply influenced himself, because he had a strong sense of belonging and identification with the teacher himself, and that emotion would infect people and make them believe from the bottom of their hearts that they had not chosen the wrong path.
As a teacher-training student in the School of Philosophy, my greatest experience is to gradually develop my critical thinking and discernment skills. Philosophy has changed me a lot. I used to take everything very seriously, and I didn't have my own thoughts and opinions about things. Now, I have my own unique judgment and thinking about many things, and I have a more macro planning and grasp of my study life.
In my freshman year, I started to understand the importance of critical thinking and independent thinking when my senior brother led us into the world of philosophy. Since then, we have been willing to read difficult philosophical texts.
When we studied the course "Ideological and Political Education", we would discuss and share the latest knowledge of current affairs, and each of us would express our different opinions and views, complementing and exchanging them with each other, and the teacher would focus on dialectical analysis, which cultivated our critical thinking.
Critical thinking. I was lucky to enter the School of Philosophy, which opened up a new world for thinking.
I have used the online platform to give students a semester of language and geography, helping them to develop study plans and review tasks, and I think this item belongs to the use of technology to develop self-management skills
When I worked with my group members on an assignment, we would start out with our own ideas, and then we would consolidate, cut, and give feedback on the process of completing the assignment. I think group work is really a good way to develop 21st century skills!
Not taking any related courses at the moment
None
Seeing the different but unique teaching styles of the teachers was a great way to develop my mind
I realized the diversity, creativity and openness of educational methods in the pedagogy classroom
None
None
Teaching by example from a high school teacher
Tutoring a junior high and high school student
None
Tutoring a high school student during the holidays
None
None
I was impressed by my high school teacher's encouragement and passion for math
Tutoring during vacation
I was able to improve my international perspective to a certain extent by having a foreign teacher in my English class
In the developmental psychology class, I participated in a child interview experiment, which greatly improved me in two aspects - the division of work in the group (each person has a reasonable division of work) and the ability to report back on the experiment, I was responsible for conducting the report in the whole class, and the preparation work has improved me greatly.
Study of the course "Fundamentals of Modern Educational Technology" and the course "Educational Measurement and Evaluation
After several educational apprenticeships, I was able to appreciate different garden features, themes, and cultural concepts, and to feel the beauty of the education business, and I was able to see more and broaden my knowledge.
Once in the teacher's classroom because they had to analyze the importance of different regions to preschool children's learning quality and the division of the indicator system, so they looked up the division of learning quality indicators in different countries and states in the classroom, and the process of organizing had a more in-depth understanding of the concept and content of learning quality.
The teacher uses group work for homework
Using whiteboards in a basic educational technology course
Using whiteboard in the Educational Technology Fundamentals course, doing micro lessons, video editing
Worked as a course assistant and as an intern at an NGO
In the class of Modern Educational Technology, the teacher issued a task to complete a video module, which gave our group members the opportunity to write, direct and edit a short public service film by themselves, which was a very interesting experience.
In terms of international understanding, the most important thing was to participate in a short study trip to the UK organized by the college.
In the series of teaching skills development courses, I greatly exercised my critical thinking, collaboration, communication, innovation and ability to use technology
The use of whiteboard. Although I had heard of whiteboard teaching before, I had never taught with a whiteboard by myself. The Modern Educational Technology course exposed me to whiteboard teaching, and I learned some basic skills of using whiteboard in the process, which was very rewarding.
In the teaching skills class, the group members worked together and strived for excellence, seeing both their own shortcomings and the shining points of the group members.
The foreign language major helped me to enhance my international perspective, improve my intercultural communication background, enhance my understanding of multiculturalism, and improve my international leadership skills.
Classroom topic presentation, group preparation, teaching
Data analysis
Gradually, I learned to consult authoritative Chinese and foreign literature and analyze data through software technology in order to solve some problems related to pedagogy
In fact, I felt very small in the computer class
Making educational practice ideal
Expressing our views on a real-life problem in front of the class
Mr. Wang of Introduction to Education made us give a speech before class, which greatly enhanced my interest in pedagogy
Capturing the essence of education
I learned to make more beautiful PPTs and to express myself in front of people in one assignment
I learned how to look up information and how to use software to insert reference methods in the pass and information literacy practice, and I practiced expression and logic and critical thinking skills in the debate team
The teacher first guided, then used the Internet and other means of self-study, and finally reported on what we had learned and felt, and the teacher pointed out the summary
We were given a week to prepare a research project defense, and we had to find a team, write an application form, make a PPT, and coordinate our work.
I was fortunate to be in Prof. Wang Shuai's class
I was very happy to see that the students mastered what I taught them
Learned to use mind maps to understand, learned to organize information on the Internet independently, learned to write their own small papers
1. Presentation of results. Every special education class will be divided into groups for a targeted group presentation of a fill-in-the-blank question, and I can gain various skills, including expression, communication, cooperation, etc. 2. English literature translation, through the translation of English literature on positive behavior support (for children with special needs), I learned how to search for foreign literature, and also figured out the research style and tendency of foreign researchers in the process of translation, which will help me after I also learned how to search for foreign literature, and in the process of translation, I understood the research style and tendency of foreign researchers, which helped me a lot in completing my English (second degree) thesis design. In this seminar, foreign scholars shared their own local (Irish) education for gifted children, which renewed many of my ideas and helped me to seek common ground while preserving differences.
I was able to work with like-minded people and find a mentor I liked to start a project and do a research project. Hard work but lots of rewards
In fact, I didn't enjoy the cooperative learning approach very much in the course, because I often preferred to complete a task independently. In the individual presentation activities, I usually collected information on the Internet by myself and used advanced technology to make the final presentation materials.
Participating in the National Innovation Project and going to the community with my peers to ask to fill out questionnaires

Many issues explored in the sociology of education, such as educational equity, and various schools/doctrines in the science of education have been very enlightening to me

It was a good experience to speak on the stage when I was the center point, so it is not necessary when teaching in small groups
Educational psychology, Mr. Mao Qiming requirements are relatively strict, probably the few classes in the university clearly can not play cell phones
On the vocal class chorus class, the teacher is very kind, the course atmosphere is very relaxed and pleasant, can let go to learn.
I was able to teach a lesson independently and autonomously
It was very useful to use these skills to make my study and life easier
I was able to use these skills to facilitate my learning and life, and it was very useful. I learned some educational strategies for children with special needs, as well as psychology-related lessons for daily life.
Learned to use many methods to observe, get the information I need and analyze it
Did not participate in a teacher education program
Spent half a month with a front-line kindergarten teacher and director, had a lot of communication and exchange, understood a lot of front-line realities, and built a good relationship
Studied in pedagogy courses mostly in cooperative groups, in which the process is conducive to the development of the ability to work together, collect information, use media information technology and ability
Undergraduate educational research methods courses, learning to code literature (categorize and manage things) writing literature reviews (analysis and extraction skills)
Brainstorming learning makes learning from others a lot of opportunities
Learning convenient online courses through MU
When working with classmates on group assignments, you listen to each other's opinions, understand differences and analyze them, and get recognition for yourself from others
Good teachers at good schools
For many of us, this is a painful task, but because many students are satisfied with reading in a lumpy way, they forget what they read and get nothing out of it, so writing notes is a good solution that engages multiple senses and causes students to active thinking.
The Academy set up "Observation and Evaluation" which is very practical for us to use observation to observe children, classmates, teachers and to give appropriate conclusions.
The most important thing is to have a deep sense of how to express ourselves and to get more opportunities.
Participation in the flipped classroom
In the process of learning pedagogy courses and discipline courses, the most important experience is to complete some learning tasks through group work, which is unfamiliar to me at first and I don't know how to work together.
Cooperative skills learned in the group report
I am able to use multimedia technology to present my ideas in class.
When I learned spss, I understood the statistical principles behind the software and applied them to other courses.
Teaching experience, research experience, apprenticeship observation
Open writing essay
Teacher teaching, cooperative learning
Group work was more successful, with clear division of labor and clear goals
Go up to explain the exercise in cooperative learning
Flipped classroom
Learning to share resources on the network platform
Cooperative skills: in the special children's learning and development class, the teacher came to take the group as a unit group learning (after class), and in class to show the mind map, and in the course to let the group within the problem discussion
Two groups did a mock classroom presentation activity, and since I was the group leader, I was responsible for dividing the group and arranging tasks to be assigned and other tasks. Since the previous group presentations were PPT presentations, someone would take the initiative, but this time the group tasks were more difficult, so only the group leader was the main speaker. Exercise your ability to cooperate, communicate, and be creative (lesson plans are also done in small groups)
In a classroom simulation presentation, the teacher chose the topic scientifically and in small groups, and our group was particularly small, with only five people. Although the final presentation was not as good as it could have been, I learned a lot from the group's constant bonding during the preparation process and the constant discussions about improvement, and also gained experience in teaching kindergarten classes to children.
Educational practice: organize, set up tutorial classes, improve my practical teaching practice, live in harmony with students, communicate with parents in a timely manner, and initially practice how to be a good teacher.
Using the network sharing platform
Group division of labor and cooperation to complete tasks
Using the Web Sharing Platform
Read some works in this field, I think. Every time I read them, I feel my horizons are broadened and I learn a lot too
Cooperative learning and exchange of apprenticeship in small groups
In terms of learning local practical skills, I went to Guangdong and Shanghai twice with the college's education apprenticeship team to visit the teaching practices of many front-line teachers and the environment of their schools, and it was during this process that I experienced for the first time how pedagogy is applied in front-line teaching (to be honest, I think this major is too theoretical between us). For the first time, I realized that as an education student, I need to have a big picture view in practice, that is, I should consider the development of education, not just limited to being a teacher. Therefore, the two internships were very important experiences for me.
In Wang Shuai's Introduction to Education class, he guided students to think, speak in class, develop critical thinking, and improve presentation skills
Chatting with the students' parents together and then to the students.
Learned a lot of practical software such as office
I have benefited a lot from studying educational psychology, which makes me feel very important
Dialectical thinking
Learned how to make a personal resume
The teacher's guidance to us in the freshman seminar class simply developed our college freshman's head
Rousseau: Natural Education
Did not choose the class
Classroom demonstration
Teaching people to use mind maps, reading techniques, and memory finding tools
In this semester's pedagogical research methods class, there was a group assignment for "questionnaire design", which was coordinated by the group leader, and the eight people in the group were divided into three groups, and each group and each person was assigned the relevant tasks. 2. each group member asked questions and made suggestions about the other's design, so that everyone could grow and learn from each other's merits in the process. 3. the importance of cooperation was truly understood, and there was no excuse to peek at the group work, which concerned everyone.
Basically, the course will have a course presentation report, individual courses give an hour of practice to prepare their own lectures, very exercise
I went to listen to the language class taught by the undergraduate students during the internship. The course was taught to elementary school students, and listening to their classes allowed me to see the merits of other people's lectures, and also to make my own suggestions, which improved my critical thinking skills.
In my junior year we took a course on the application of statistics, which required the use of questionnaires to conduct surveys, and had a very clear understanding of the design and use of questionnaires. Then when we processed the data, we learned to use spss to analyze it and thus became familiar with this skill, which is the ability to use technology as a learning tool, I think.
During my first year of study, I studied Geography Curriculum Theory and Methods. In the course of this course, I learned about the connotation of geography core literacy and what I need to work on to become a good teacher in the future.
Through the MU platform, I learned geography mapping techniques, participated in educational internships, and witnessed the growth of undergraduate/graduate student debriefers
During my undergraduate studies, I participated in geography field practice in Jiangxia and Yichang areas, and visited the Geodetic University Museum to enrich my experience and intimately combine theory and practice
Group study and presentation of research problems after teaching groups in school courses
Citing small videos and live lectures
Cases of school management psychology
Learned how to use PowerPoint in various ways and applied it in home teaching
Practice in the countryside
Lecture and calligraphy lessons
Presentation of lessons as a speaker
School curriculum, cultural and educational activities
Social practice activities in the countryside to overcome stage fright
Subject task group to complete a topic assignment
Group work to complete learning tasks
More platforms and channels for teachers to share
More interaction and sharing with others in the learning process, and more interactive group learning
The best experiences can be debated in class on a particular issue
Applying the techniques learned to teaching
Patience of the teacher in explaining
Participating in a courseware production competition
Attending educational training
Some teachers have new and inspiring ideas
Social practice activities in the countryside
Exchange with German teachers, stem course
Biology multimedia production
Educational psychology
Group work
Microgrid teaching
Self-directed learning with mmoc, blended learning with Tonru Cloud Classroom
Development of group cooperation skills using frame games
Practical experience
Communication skills were improved in the classroom teaching theory and time course
Microgrid teaching and educational internship
Cloud Classroom
Experienced a world coffee house
Acquired self-management skills
Diverse extra-curricular practical activities
Teaching with modern technology
Exchange and practice with students from different grades
No excessive learning
Critical thinking training
Learning about other countries as part of the language learning process
Understanding the use of information technology in teaching and learning
Math classroom tools modeling

Presentation in the course of study Exercise of information technology skills and language skills
Choreography and performance of stage play
Using flash to create classroom materials

Group work together to create flash games

In the past, I seldom borrowed data charts to argue my point of view, but during my graduate studies, the major I studied showed me a new side. Learning to use charts, learning to use charts well, and speaking with charts made me feel that the arguments were justified, and broke or solved the past lack of confidence or self-doubt in my own point of view, and I think this skill made me gain a lot. Now, I use the technique almost unconsciously to support my self-opinion, use the guide to organize my thoughts, etc.

Giving lessons to kindergarteners, they're really cute thinkers!
Adding more international academic conferences
Communicate with students to understand psychological needs
Communicate with students - understand their psychological needs and do counseling!
I had a teaching experience, but it wasn't very formal, it was a class I spent the summer teaching to students in our community and it was still very successful and interesting.
The PPT production as well as the teacher skills demonstration competition was a great value for students to exercise, and for the competition to quickly organize in improving skills in all areas.
Not yet studying pedagogy
The group members and I made PPTs by searching the internet about the textbook and shared them with the class in class. In class, we played the role of teachers and II our teacher commented on our lectures, pointing out where we did well and where we needed to improve. In the process of preparing the PPT, the group members had a clear division of labor, and finally the group leader consolidated the information prepared and organized by the group members into one PPT, and we presented the contents of our respective parts of the PPT on the stage together.
In the course of foreign language education technology, the final assignment was to record a 10-minute teaching video, using the teaching techniques taught by the teacher, including mind map, word cloud, Xunfei, etc. At the end, I had to caption my video according to what I had learned.

Real teaching experience in the internship

Learning to teach with multiple teaching software
Continually improve lesson plans through classroom feedback when teaching children.
Hands-on skills are very important The best way to learn is to apply what you learn in a book to a real teaching session
Using information technology in the classroom
Being complimented by students for being handsome, saying that the lecture was well delivered, with a lovely voice, and that the students wished not to leave at the time of parting
In the "Educational Research Methods" course, I improved my cooperation and communication skills through many group work reporting assignments.
Watching for Ming and learning the skills of teacher training in the field
Learning various techniques in the Foreign Language Education Technology class, editing, classroom listening materials generated using software, etc.
Listening to the teacher training skills conference
Be able to be inspired by Mr. Zhu in English pedagogy and invite Mr. Tian to teach
Pre-course presentation, basic professional skills
Gaining an understanding of critical thinking in an introductory philosophy course
Introduction to Philosophy Course
No best/most important, feel all good
I learned to use external resources to look up relevant learning materials, create PPTs for lectures and prepare various class materials.
I learned how to use foreign data and technology as a learning tool, which greatly improved the quality and efficiency of my learning.

My own classes taught me the importance of collaboration and communication skills and made me think about how to stimulate these skills.

Working in small groups to present the analysis of a research method, making a PowerPoint presentation and answering questions from classmates in a limited time.
Through the course, I learned how to choose a research method by analyzing the pros and cons of various research methods from the literature.

I was most impressed by the school management psychology course, where the whole group discussed and searched for information before the presentation, provided several movies, and then each person expressed 2-3 theories of the mind (related to the movie), then divided the work to write the content, and each theory was spoken by the preparer, with a very clear division of labor.
Learn how to skillfully use multimedia to help teach and use the internet to retrieve resources.
1. basically every class has group work assignments, which is a good exercise for cooperation skills; 2. the recent teaching skills class invited many excellent brothers and sisters to make classroom presentations, and learned a lot of teaching skills; 3. the PCK concept taught by Mr. Deng.
Sensitize students (students with good grades are proud and distant, I have won their respect with patience and subject expertise)
Almost every week, I had group debriefing, which taught me to work as a team, and then during the debriefing process, I was brave enough to break through myself and overcome my timidity. The various forms of assignments assigned by the teacher have helped me a lot in improving my creative and logical thinking skills.
Since the beginning of the first year of study, for the assignments assigned by the teacher, they are mostly presented in the form of group reports. In the process of preparing the reports, I can use the contributions of team members to create results together, listen to the opinions of group members, and develop my cooperation ability; at the same time, multiple reports are beneficial to the development of my communication skills.
Still have a vague sense of the subject
Just recently the teacher asked us to collect the corresponding regional culture and explain the causes from the perspective of geography, and to design lesson plans on how to make the integration of regional culture into geographic science, which is good for us to understand the culture of our hometown when we can also promote geography teaching.
The teacher gave several opportunities to report and discuss in the classroom, which greatly enhanced the communication skills.
During the internship in secondary school, class meetings were organized to speak freely, and students were able to have time and space to communicate with each other.
During the pedagogy course, the teacher shared with us about whether children should receive over-education, which additionally shook me a lot.
Working in groups taught me to listen to different people's perspectives, to see my own shortcomings, and to be able to share my ideas with others.
It made me grow from a PPT novice to a PPT expert
Participate in research project activities related to pedagogy with the theme of large class enrollment.
Encouragement from teachers in microgrid teaching
Learning to use the geometric drawing board to assist in teaching
Use of technology app for supplementary exercises for teaching, such as sports movement software analysis, video recording, etc.
My high school physical education teacher used to teach me during the days when I was instructed in physical education techniques that we should not look too much at the results, but as long as we can really train on our own and train hard, even if the results are not good, it is still a success!
My major is physical education teacher training, more or less to contact some things about athletic sports referee. The most profound experience I had was to be the judge of the sports meeting of other colleges. At that time, due to less experience, some students told me that there was a time conflict in the event and they had to finish another event before coming over; because there were too many students, I announced the final list during the preliminary round; as a result, some students who had a part-time event were complained before the preliminary round. Finally a senior brother came over to coordinate to solve the problem. So it is important to think about how unexpected situations will arise and think of solutions, whether you are choreographing or judging at athletic meets.
The only teacher education program I have been involved in is teaching formal physical education classes to elementary school students during my trips to the countryside, and probably the best experience I had was meeting a group of very obedient children. I had only done theoretical studies prior to the class, and was not sure if I could actually implement it. But because of this group of very obedient kids, my program went smoothly.
In the 21st century, we need to keep up with the times and give students skills based on their individual situations, which is called individualization.
Talking with students heart to heart, modern education.
Modernizing teaching and learning to meet the trend of the times
Writing lesson plans, presentation skills, etc.
Speaking skills are improved more
During the training period in high school, our professional teachers often asked the best players in a certain project to guide other relatively weak players, from which we acquired good verbal skills and communication skills. The team members also asked questions during the learning process, and we discussed and solved them, often by asking teachers and looking for resources online, which improved my ability to work together, think critically, and use technology as a learning tool.
Technologies learned in the Modern Education Technology course
In the second semester of my junior year of college, I was asked to prepare a lesson for each special class.
Critical thinking skills: Liu, the teacher of Introduction to Education, often told us some stories about teachers and students, teachers and parents, and then threw a few problems to us, asking us how to look at the solution, and these problems touched me that we should not use the "big theory" way of thinking to deal with problems, the teacher taught us The teacher taught us how to consider more aspects and what is the most appropriate way to do things, and I have to say that this way of teaching has greatly changed my thinking in some ways and improved my critical thinking skills.
In English class, the teacher would give us a topic and have us work in groups to complete a PowerPoint and share it in class. I think this is a good opportunity to exercise not only our speaking skills, but also to develop our cooperation skills.
The computer, human anatomy and military theory compulsory courses all require self-study on the computer, giving us a great test of self-control
The classroom teacher asked students to give lectures in small groups, and the groups divided the work to find information, write copy, make PPT, and give lectures in class, which was a tougher experience but gave us a better understanding of the course content.
In the special education professional ethics course, I went out to visit a special school and listened to a professional teacher's class. I found that although I need to have enough patience to treat children with special needs, I also need to have a bottom line, not to be tolerant, and I should let them know they are wrong through facial expressions or words when they do wrong.

Use online resources for learning and exploration
Technology is so advanced that it is easy to make reports or find information
Report on homework and complete group assignments
Use online resources to learn and tutor experiences. I took on an elementary school tutor to analyze children's behaviors and their causes in the learning process by combining what I learned about child psychology in the classroom. And communicate with parents to find the best way to teach.

Learn and use logic to think rationally and develop rationally

Gain more knowledge about theatre performance through interaction with experts in a lecture
Apply it in practical teaching

The parents were very cooperative with the interview, and later the parents said, "Her father doesn't care about the child anymore, I'm basically taking care of her by myself! I hope you can help my child too!"
I hope you can help my child too!" In terms of international understanding, I will refer to foreign materials because foreign countries are better developed in the field of special education.
Apprenticeship
I learned to work in small groups, search for learning resources by myself, and learn a lot of information technology in education through professional classes.
Apprenticeship
Learning how to make a mind map
I learned to make mind maps and videos in the educational technology course, and to combine technology with teaching to make micro-lesson videos
In the Modern Educational Technology course, I learned to use technology as a learning tool, not limited to black and white or PPT in secondary school
In the course "Mathematics Curriculum and Pedagogy", I learned how to teach with information technology and realized the importance of information technology for teaching today
Many courses in this major are studied in cooperative groups, and many sparks will collide in the process of studying with group members. It is enjoyable to share your ideas and thoughts with your classmates, discover your shortcomings and learn from the strengths of others.
In the professional course, I will form a group with a few like-minded partners and choose a topic that interests our group and has ideas after discussion and analysis. Then, we will deepen the analysis of the topic, divide it into different levels, and start to divide the group work. After each person receives the task, he/she starts to explore and think independently, and after a certain period of time, the group members gather and share their findings and feelings, and finally integrate everyone's views to complete the topic writing.
We went to a front-line school to observe the classroom and practice the curriculum, so that we could improve and develop our teacher training skills.
The lessons taught by Taiwanese teachers or the practical experience shared by front-line teachers will give us a lot of insights into their theoretical lectures and experiences. It is also very inspiring for my own learning and practice
Introduction to Chinese and foreign educational masterpieces

The most important experience I have had in learning 21st century skills is the experience of working in small groups. I think working in groups and learning with peers is a very important skill. In one of my sophomore courses, we formed a group of 8 people and used to complete tasks such as the Science Talent Show and science education activities, and our small group is still in contact and communicating all the time.
For individuals, self-management skills are very important. After self-management, excellent results can often be achieved.
Using the Internet to find information and through group work, we completed a comparative analysis of the goals of preschool education in China and the United States
Integrated practical curriculum development and school-based curriculum development process can develop our ability of cooperation, innovation, and local practice
Microgrid course; after a semester of microgrid course learning, the biggest feeling is the importance of combining practice and theory, knowing the shortcomings of our own practice and theory, and then continuously improving ourselves.
Microgrid course learning. The theoretical knowledge taught by the teacher and the practical experience are integrated and systematically studied and applied. We were touched by the teacher's dedication to teaching.
I think the most impressive thing for me was the course "Introduction to Chinese and Foreign Educational Masterpieces". I can't comment on whether it is the best or the most important, but the method of learning in this course has taught me how to learn and benefited me a lot.
In the course "Curriculum and Pedagogy", I had the experience of studying and analyzing foreign mathematics textbooks and comparing them through group work, which was very rewarding.
Talking to people in the community and conducting interviews
I used good methods to improve the students' learning efficiency, such as making their own study schedule and pushing themselves from then on
In addition to the necessary reports, use multimedia and verbal communication with everyone to express their views
In undergraduate internship, I use PPT to show the class materials and interact with students to enhance the class learning atmosphere
Inorganic Chemistry
The process of constantly striving for progress is beautiful
