Insufficient professionalism, so many ideas could not be realized that I was afraid to think about them
There is no teacher to teach you step by step, so you have to watch videos to learn by yourself. Also, the interaction between teachers, teaching assistants and students is not high, and many assignments and requirements cannot be completed in a timely and efficient manner. As a result, many core skills are not fully mastered.
No interest
It is difficult to overcome the psychology of being nervous when standing on the podium
Inability to turn educational concepts into practical teaching activities
Teacher's basic skills are not up to par
Thinking that the concept is ideal and that it is difficult to put it into practice
Failure to grasp the teaching value of the text when designing
Difficulties being experienced: not good at communicating and learning from others; not good at using internet resources
How to deal with students in the class who are not interested in academics at all?
None
Sometimes overwhelmed without teacher's guidance
Understand the theories of educational psychology
Understand the activities of students' minds and their real level
Difficult to practice
Well-prepared, but nervous when on the stage; too much verbalization
Some opportunities for practice are scarce
Teaching history
Teaching aids production
Psychological problems of students at different stages.
None
What one knows cannot be taught to students in the easiest way
None
Not much experience in trial lectures
I don't know how to deliver the lecture correctly, and the teacher doesn't give me any advice or give me a second chance to present my work after giving me suggestions.
Not knowing how to code in the beginning of learning mathematical software matlab
Can't properly assess students' receptiveness and learning ability
Insufficient teaching experience
Control of the classroom
Not really practical, easy to forget and
Too much theoretical learning and too little practice
Computer programming and optimization related to mathematics education
Sometimes I feel that theory is too much above practice, some theories are easy to talk about, but put into actual teaching will make people overwhelmed, and the effect is far from ideal
How to communicate with students
Combining theory and practice
Cooperation with others
Computer use
It is difficult to put theoretical knowledge into practice
Some teachers have improper outlook and academic misconduct
Insufficient mastery of multimedia technology
During the class, sometimes they suddenly forget what to say next, or the board is disorganized, even if they have designed it beforehand, they are still in a mess
Large differences in students
The difficulty is that there is no previous training in this area, so the school needs more training
It is difficult to design new teaching methods
Not enough time for practice
Less contact with international advanced educational concepts
Classroom management needs more experience and methods.
Unconsciously speed up the speed of speech in lectures
Don't know how to find the most cutting-edge information about the subject on the Internet, teaching materials
The combination of theory and practice, theory is largely based on the ideal state, while the real situation is very complicated, I feel I need to do more observation and detailed records.
Students' thinking drills down
Depth of classroom teaching
Inadequate language skills and some technology skills
Adjustment of what was learned to the actual learning situation
Communication with students, time schedule
Always keep the beginning and passion for education may be a little difficult for me
Not skilled in technology
No
I am not proficient enough in modern technology, and I am still lacking in the use of resources
Don't know how to get along with students
In the learning process, there will be many applications that I cannot master because I am a beginner. And not proficient in some of the performance of the technology.
It is very difficult to work in a group, and it is difficult to agree on what the people want
Conflict between learning specialized knowledge and generalized lectures
How to teach innovatively
The biggest obstacle is that you are not motivated to learn
Pace of the class
There is a conflict with the exam-oriented education model, which cannot be fully weighed.
Difficulty in travel, far from school! You can imagine the difficulty of organizing that activity by yourself later
Weak educational skills but not enough school development
Design of classroom activities
Probably about to fail a course ......
As a liberal arts student, I don't have a good grasp of information technology, and there are relatively few courses.
None
I can't express my opinion, input is different from output
For the synthesis of different views, organize
Breakthrough
The biggest difficulty is that many teachers themselves do not pay attention to the quality of their classes and how to train their students, but only know how to play according to their own expertise and do not take responsibility for their classes.
Communication with students
Insufficient logical thinking skills, lack of exercise
Language skills are lacking
Language problems
Difficulty in translating theory into practice
Difficulty in mastering technology.
The most difficult thing is that we need to explore and study a lot of things, and what we learn in class is not enough, we need to spend more time to learn.
I think the acquisition and improvement of ability is still influenced by their own factors, in terms of the curriculum, if the teacher's teaching mode teaching task requirements on the lecture type, do not interact with students do not know how to get student feedback, this will cause great difficulties for students to improve their ability.
Not enough opportunities to exercise, teachers give little guidance and help
No internship opportunities, the best ones default and are not willing to settle for mediocrity
Sometimes self-control is not strong, will be lazy in completing tasks, so that resources and opportunities are wasted, their own is no significant improvement in ability.
Own professional knowledge field surface is small
None.
Used to be too poor in expression and was nervous as soon as I got on the podium.
The demand for liberal arts teachers is too low, and liberal arts are not valued
Understanding the theories of educational psychology, especially foreign ones, is very compartmentalized.
The language of course content is difficult to understand
Communication problems with students
How to implement skills into the classroom
Teaching to the students' needs. How to maximize the learning efficiency of a class with varying levels of students.
Teaching methods
The problem of reconciling internships and courses
Lack of teaching experience
No
The relationship between critical thinking and problem solving; how to externalize the thinking process, etc.
Poor paper writing
Physical education course electronic equipment is not popular and some movements are difficult to show in impact form
Language skills
Not enough technical literacy
Difficulty organizing language to speak in public
How to combine educational theory with teaching practice
Ability to identify problems and explore them
Classroom discipline
None
Average creative ability, often distrust their own conclusions or conjectures
Don't know how to get students who don't want to learn to make an effort to learn and change the concept of learning
Thinking is not transformed and is still stuck in the binary judgment of right and wrong
Writing papers
Lack of teaching skills
Inadequate psychology courses
Difficulty in applying theoretical knowledge to practical teaching
Errors encountered in implementing ideas
Communication problems with members of the same group. When I was leading a unit on Teachers in the Pedagogy course, I had many unique ideas and lecture presentations around this topic, and then the group members could not agree with my approach. In order to secure the grade, they made a lot of changes to my teaching materials and papers to present a "standardized" presentation. This greatly limited my performance.
Lack of timely feedback
Student differences
Lack of practical experience and implementation
Students are too rigid in their knowledge
How to get students to actively participate in the exercise
Many new teaching methods are effective in the process of experimentation and can be perhaps idealized and thus frustrating in the process of practice. Cooperative learning, for example, is suitable for small classes, while many primary and secondary schools have up to 40 or 50 students in each class.
We previously had a special class to teach us the use of SP that software, but it is only through once or twice the kind of lecture-style lectures, the effect is not very satisfactory, and then we write the paper, many students in our class themselves again to go back to their own self-study is very painful. Then either directly on Taobao to pay someone to help do that data analysis.
Difficulties in translating theory into practice
Innovation ability needs to be improved
The problem of unification of opposites with students' positions
Data collection, processing and analysis
None
Current affairs and politics
Resources are difficult to find, take too long to integrate, and are less integrated
Insufficient communication with students
Access to learning resources
Inefficient when teams complete tasks
Unawareness
Research methods are difficult, the teacher introduced all the research methods that were moved one by one, and there is no latest
I feel abstract when studying the content of the history of education, and I can't understand some of the reading.
Learning methods class
None
Find information
Weak English language skills
Very rich in theory, very skeletal in practice
Don't know how to translate problems encountered into academically researchable problems.
Time is tight, time management, scheduling problems, heavy tasks, many things are more floating light have to learn.
Difficulty in education-related technology tools
Low recognition of information on the Internet
Many courses are only taught by teachers and listened to by students, so the learning effect may be average.
No
Students lack the environment and atmosphere to improve international understanding due to geographical constraints, and cannot understand and accept well.
Critical thinking training, used to receiving some information, missing the process of information weighing and comparing
Lack of opportunities to exercise, such as innovation, local practice
Not confident enough to speak, not knowing enough
Difficulties encountered in international comprehension: lack of English proficiency, difficulty in understanding English texts; lack of opportunities to participate in activities at the international level Difficulties in using technology: blocked access to learning technology Difficulties with critical thinking: single-minded view of things
None
Little self-will, little self-discipline, little Mandarin ability, problems with communication skills
Some theoretical issues are rarely covered, and every time students ask relevant questions they are unable to start
None
None
No
Not standardized in Mandarin, unnatural to speak in front of people, stage fright
None
How to teach better
No
No
No
No significant effect on the mastery and improvement of these abilities
None
How to tell what you have learned to students
No
No
When studying Lao Zhuang, it is difficult to say a variety of different opinions for a small issue in each article, and there are tools, but it is difficult to think specifically
Integration of theory and practice
Lack of trigger points for my own thinking, tend to passively accept, don't know the way to effectively and independently think critically about the ideas I got
There are still a lot of problems in computer such as statistics and data processing are still very weak, and various educational theories are not very familiar
Collaboration skills: not enough experience in this area before, at the beginning of cooperation will encounter some trouble, the biggest difficulty should be the disagreement with others, or the emergence of two major confrontational views in the group, often two have their own reasoning, but not applied to practice, can not make a decision, only to prejudge the choice
In terms of acquiring international understanding, I have not been exposed to much information in the relevant courses, and I have not been able to take the initiative to acquire relevant knowledge and skills due to time and interest constraints.
I had great difficulty in the human anatomy and physiology class because I was not interested in biology since I was a child, so I often did not understand the teacher's words and could not memorize the knowledge when I was studying in this class, so I did not get a good score in the Human Solutions exam.
The division of labor among the group members was not clear, there were differences of opinion, it was difficult to select the subjects for the experiment, the questionnaires were not distributed enough, the amount of return was small, and there was no way to start with the data.
Difficulty in linking the learned contents with practice, unable to make full use of the learned theoretical knowledge
None
Own just too little reserve
None
None
Insufficient accumulation of knowledge, incomplete thinking, lack of ideas, and lack of innovation and criticism

New technologies are not compatible with traditional curriculum when applied to teaching; STEAM education and project learning are now inappropriately applied
Unfamiliarity with research methods and difficulty in self-learning
Disciplinary management problems
Discernment of literature; not many opportunities to really go to the target country to experience its culture and field trips
How to attract students to listen to lectures
Student safety issues in some integrated activities; curriculum design; how to adapt to the individual development needs of different students
Stimulating awareness of problems and trying to solve them
Students have poor self-management skills and learn when they are in good shape and give up learning when they are not
Weak self-management skills and little attention to this aspect of competence in relevant courses; teachers rarely give feedback on our work and we are unable to assess and improve our own work
International comprehension is the most prominent problem in the learning process, mainly because of the low exposure and opportunities and the lack of our own related skills

The high level of effort required to learn and apply a new technology
The development of critical thinking skills, because of the lack of theoretical accumulation and the need to improve the logic of their own
Insufficient critical thinking ability and less resources available at hand
Poor self-management skills, procrastination, no contact with training related to the improvement of self-management skills, local practical exercise is more limited because there is basically no opportunity to implement, mostly on paper
Insufficient self-control, relying on courses, less use of external resources
Disconnect between theory and practice, learning a lot of theory but not understanding the real teaching frontline
Difficulty in improving innovation ability, low ability to apply international academic results
Students are not very receptive and do not like to create, and many students in this era are too influenced by the Internet
Traditional education model is still based on exam-oriented education, so some educational activities are mainly for the preparation of exam results, and the frequency of using multimedia technology is appropriately reduced when there is more content in a certain lesson, and some new teaching tools are more like optional existence, not well integrated into classroom teaching
Lack of introduction to professional technology, and considerable indifference to computer technology in the same major
Lack of proficiency in the use of data analysis software, sometimes unable to accurately obtain the required information in the face of data
How to arouse students' interest and how to make them remember the knowledge under the situation of decompression and shoulder load
Poor psychological quality and single approach to the course
Good lecture
Inability to understand technical resources more deeply, and many operational problems in practice
Handling of video transcoding and clarity
The acquisition of these skills is a gradual process and cannot be learned instantly, pedagogy courses will inspire us but we cannot rely solely on these, pedagogy courses will help us build and form these critical thinking skills still need to explore them in practice by ourselves
Technology is difficult to operate and requires specialized training and a certain foundation to learn
The dryness of knowledge and the enthusiasm of the students are difficult to handle, so there is a great demand on the teaching style and skills of the teacher
International comprehension. Through Mr. Li's class, the homework room was assigned to translate foreign documents, in which a large number of locations from the Hellenistic period did not know how to buy = translate, there were no books on the subject, and some locations could only be found known after asking the teacher, but it was impossible to make connections between Chinese and English
There is often a disconnect between history and modern times, especially the ancient aspects and archaeological knowledge are not given enough attention in modern society
Insufficient mastery of the skills you want to teach
Psychologically, I had some bad impressions of teachers when I was a child, which made me hesitant to become a teacher or not.
Same as above
Concentration of children's attention
Different situations arise, such as security situations, followed by organizational problems.
None
The tasks assigned by teachers in educational psychology courses are not related to learning and teaching, so it is difficult to understand the usefulness of the course in a practical way
Few practical experience fields. There are very few organized internship opportunities for school teachers, and I am worried whether only the relevant courses in the junior year and the internship in the senior year are enough to make myself a qualified teacher.
As a liberal arts student, it is still difficult to learn geography, especially in mastering some highly specialized software, such as Ars gis.
time-consuming and difficult to find information
For the apprenticeship report or thesis do not have a good logic and ideas
Writing a report in the form of a thesis
In the process of conducting group work, some people will be particularly unmotivated
Skills in subject selection, control of variables and use of spss
It is difficult to really see them as developing individuals or know what stage of development they are at from a teacher's point of view, without having interacted deeply with students of different ages, even in apprenticeship.
Apply what they have learned to teaching practice and student management.
There are currently fewer hands-on processes with theoretical guidance
No
Critical Thinking Skills. Critical thinking literacy teachers pay great attention to developing our skills in this area, and the textbooks are all translations of relevant studies that are almost impossible to find in China, and have deeper themes that teachers encourage us to explore on our own, so it takes a lot of time and effort to read and understand to give a specific structure and thematic analysis. Although we presented in various forms, rich in content, and our abilities were greatly enhanced, the teacher never gave correct answers in order not to discourage students' critical thinking skills, and some articles are very confusing to this day.
When writing a response, sometimes I can't find the electron that can be criticalthinking
The biggest obstacle I encountered was that some topics were too difficult and I had to ask for help from the internet or my siblings or teachers to get through it.
The gap between the ideal student organization and the reality, which often leads me to summarize my ideas and lesson plans, the lack of experience in dealing with special situations, and the uneven distribution of individual student abilities.
Patience, the biggest problem is that students are difficult to manage
Modeling data volume, design shoot professional aspects, reading difficulties
Elementary school students have difficulty accepting equations
Knowledge of high school is not systematically mastered
Research topics are difficult, in order to read and understand the literature, we have to integrate a lot of knowledge we have learned, as well as access to a lot of foreign literature
How to set the course content more reasonable and how to make the teaching content better grasped by students
The contradiction between the reserve of learning knowledge and the realistic teaching method
I am not diligent enough, I am shy in communication when it matters
I am not good at turning the ball over, but I have been practicing for a long time.
The number of resources and opportunities allocated to individuals is low, and the coverage and match of the curriculum is low
The ability and attitude of the people in the cooperation is the biggest obstacle I encountered. I always encountered students who were not willing to put in their best effort, so I needed others to fill the vacancies, but the teacher was not aware of the contribution rate of the individuals in the group, which was somewhat unfair.
The biggest difficulty in group work was how to coordinate the time period of each group member, clarify the tasks of each member, and reconcile the differences between group members when they arise.
I have encountered problems such as limited information gathering ability and language barriers (e.g. Japanese, Indian, Korean)
During the semester when I studied History of Education and Educational Psychology, the course schedule was very tight and required a large amount of memorization, so I slept less than 6 hours for several days while preparing for the final exam, and I was very mentally ill after the exam.
I felt that the theory I knew was too thin to fully explain the rich real world.
The main thing was the lack of necessary and sufficient guidance and support. Because the teachers in the class mainly taught theoretical knowledge, these skills, especially the ability to use information, were almost entirely self-learning. Another is the lack of motivation to learn. Because the level of competence needed to complete assignments is limited, but such a level of competence does not seem to meet the requirements of the information age. But there is also a lack of sufficient motivation to learn.
Code writing
No relevant experience
I have some problems with cooperation and communication skills. I was impressed by the fact that in its human education class, we often did not have a clear division of labor when studying in small groups and did not make full use of the strengths of the members. I even felt that I was superfluous. The sense of presence was very low. In many cases, when my peers argued about some issues, although I had my own opinions, I did not know how to express them.
First of all, although robotics programming basically does not involve code and is mostly a graphical interface, the logical difficulty still exists, and for some complex projects and problems, the level of our own mastery may not be able to (successfully) complete them. It is very difficult for most children to understand.
For computer science students, the biggest difficulty is managing a project. Many projects may go through several hands, each with a different style of code, and it is very difficult to understand and translate the code into one's own knowledge when accepting a project.
High school education is still largely exam-oriented, with the college entrance exam as the baton, and many education models are not relevant to practical applications.
(1) There is a lack of systematic teaching materials and other materials to master the use of IT software. (2) Most teachers in the College of Arts and Letters research methods are qualitative analysis, and they do not know much about statistics, information science and technology methods, and are not too comfortable with them. (3) The undergraduate curriculum is heavy and involves a scattered area. Extensive, unable to concentrate time to specialize.
Translate theory into practice and get effective application.
Difficulties in putting what I have learned into practical application.
The biggest obstacle I encountered came from the practical side. It was most difficult to apply the knowledge learned in the course to teaching practice.
I learned the knowledge and theories of pedagogy and teaching psychology in the course, but it is not as easy as I thought to combine them with the teaching process and apply them to teaching practice.
My biggest difficulty is: I read less, my knowledge is narrow, my mind is not full of things, my thoughts are very narrow, and I do not think comprehensively enough. I am not outstanding in all aspects of ability, and I have low self-esteem, and I can't connect to mobilize the knowledge I have learned, and I have difficulties in integrating resources.
When reading the original text does not understand what the author is saying sometimes, but still need to continue reading.
International practical ability: studying the history of Western philosophy, teachers invited foreign professors or scholars to make presentations to us, because the language foreign language speaking ability is not strong, can not use international resources to improve themselves.
Difficulties: Applying what we have learned to teaching practice.
Students were not as motivated as the teacher, lacked enthusiasm and initiative to complete the program and assignments, so in the end students stopped their online class activities
Difficult to identify a clear topic, discussion takes too long, poor computer skills, difficult to make good looking audio, video, few resources
Not available for a while
Lack of practical experience, not enough learning experience by themselves
Professional knowledge is very weak, it is a little difficult to learn and master
On paper, can't combine with practice, lack of social practice experience
None
Insufficient understanding of the teaching profession, unclear desire to become a teacher
Difficult subject knowledge
Difficult to communicate well with students
High pressure to study professional courses
Frustratingly unfair examination and evaluation mechanism at university
None
High academic pressure; low sense of professional identification with teachers
Introverted personality limits me and self-expression and performance
No perception of the development of 21st century skills
Professional courses are too difficult
Too much pressure in mathematics and science courses
Learning and practice of skills; difficult to learn in depth due to self-study format
Reading and understanding of foreign language literature
Data search and analysis
Quantitative calculations are not up to par
Don't know how to operate
The technique of taking video is not up to par
English language barrier
Difficulties arising from the language barrier when you need to consult relevant materials from other countries during the learning process of some specialized courses.
The feedback provided by the teacher is not specific enough, and sometimes feedback is missing. No direction for improvement after completing group work.
Ability to cooperate: how to deal with members when they have conflicting opinions and are more forceful
The biggest obstacle should be the fear that one's knowledge base is not sufficient to be a really good teacher.
Difficulties in the design of past-reading in the instructional design process, classroom activities are not sufficient to fully support the teaching objectives.
Mastery of the application of emerging scientific and technological tools
Time constraints, multiple tasks crashing together
Difficulty in understanding course concepts and lack of group innovation
When presenting their learning results, they often don't know how to organize and present their thinking, which requires a high level of presentation skills.
Poor computer skills, poor self-control, too wooden mind
Personal willpower

No one to teach
Communication skills need to be improved
Dare not get on the podium to express their views
Practice
Language problem
Few opportunities for practical work, only the senior internship
Don't know how to do data analysis
Not proficient in the use and control of technology
Lack of learning resources, lack of self-motivation to study
Construction of critical thinking, formation of logical thinking, philosophical thinking
Literature search and analysis

Not knowing which teaching method to use
Literature search. Will only search literature through China Knowledge Network and CCNU's library, some literature can not be downloaded and gave up

1. international papers, foreign websites are difficult to climb the wall 2. the number of lecture classes is large, and it is difficult to fully communicate with the teacher in class
Context of application of theories and specific strategies

The cutting-edge technology (such as spss and other analysis software) is difficult to master
I am lazy
There is too much information on the Internet, so it is the most difficult to filter it.
spss is difficult for liberal arts students to suddenly accept many new concepts
The course is boring and uninteresting to me
Can't combine education theory or skills with practice well
Classroom organization and control ability
Too few courses on related skills
Can understand abstract theories but have difficulty remembering them
Failed exams
Not understanding at first, not fully grasping, deviating from theory in practice, not grasping well
Never participated in a teacher education program
There are many assignments and many chores to do, so I feel that time is running out too quickly.
In cooperative learning between groups, the degree of participation in each other did not agree, and a small number of people did not participate in collaboration and blindly obeyed the opinion of the majority
In the graduate course (Research Methods in Educational Sciences), there are several teachers, and the course is scattered and fragmented, and there are many assignments
The gap between the presentations and others is too large, and the study skills are not solid enough.
The lack of theory into practice (very little opportunity)
1、Serious lack of innovative ability and awareness, poor introspection ability to new knowledge 2、Poor practical ability
Little opportunity for training in practical teaching skills
Insufficient research ability as a teacher
No goals, no direction
Computer skills are relatively lacking, and the vision is not very broad
In terms of curriculum, we often use multimedia technology to help our learning and presentation, but this aspect of ability is mostly solved by self-study or one or two simple public courses, which in fact do not allow students to be proficient in critical thinking, because many ideas in humanities and social sciences are always derived from discernment, many people dare not presume to question, which also leads to the lack of innovative ability and critical thinking of many people.
 
The apprenticeship has very little time, but we have to observe children in this very short period of time to workshop our topics.
Develop your own unique thinking
Before entering university, they were still relatively new to learning with the help of new media and technological tools, and had been accustomed to an independent way of learning, so the sudden change in learning style after entering university still had some difficulties.
How to improve self-management skills
Little practical experience and lack of integration of knowledge with practical problems in education.
Too little practice
There used to be great difficulties in data processing
I don't know how to link subject knowledge and skills to the teaching process and educational research process
Group presentations are formalized and do not increase the learning effect, but rather increase the burden of students, and group work and presentations take more time and effort.
Examinations
Can't find the right way
Less localization, analysis and solution of complex problems
Summative assessment does not truly show individual ability
Lack of competence

Lack of practice
The biggest obstacle: lack of expression ability and confidence under test-taking
Few opportunities for international exchange and poor English themselves, few opportunities for teaching practice, focus on theoretical learning
Insufficient personal skills of teachers, insufficient ability to use online resources comprehensively
Weak innovation ability, own little reading, little knowledge reserve, no clue in how to improve their innovation ability, can only slowly learn about this expertise through study and thinking.
Information technology problems
Insufficient practice
Information technology problems

Low self-control, easily tempted by things around me, resulting in low learning efficiency
Opportunities for practice
Disconnect between theory and practice
It is a problem of my personal ability... I can't have my own position and opinion when facing some controversial but open questions, usually I need to read a lot of relevant literature and then piece together my own opinion from others' arguments.

It's hard to take the first step, but it's even harder to persist. If there's something stopping you from getting stronger, it must be yourself.

Originally a science student, lacking in memorization methods, poor memory
Foreign literature is difficult to obtain, not very understandable to read
Not enough creative thinking


It is difficult to practice chalk and penmanship, and it is difficult to change the habit and persist
Transformation of theoretical knowledge into practical skills

Course design, lecture skills

English is not good
There are more courses
The group assignments of the course, people do not seriously do, because people are not interested in him, the teacher still must assign these assignments
1. the ability to search and understand the relevant information by oneself is weak, which makes the process of acquiring ability relatively slow. 2. some acquired abilities do not have a way to play eg. international comprehension. 3. the limitation of knowledge and ability of some lecturers makes the students also affected by their own prejudice. 4. the occlusion of relevant information and materials
When looking up literature, there are not enough English resources, and there are difficulties from finding to translating.
Poor English skills affect communication and access to information
Critical thinking is more difficult to acquire (for me), we have been taught from childhood to listen to teachers and not to challenge authority, which is a habit I have formed to accept habitually, how to form critical thinking, I am working on it.
My biggest obstacle in the process of acquiring these abilities is my inability to apply theory to practice
Lack of creative thinking, can't get out of the circle of thinking, no new ideas, not confident enough, learning too much theoretical knowledge, can't be translated into practice
Insufficient creative ability and critical thinking, easy to stick to existing achievements
Computer and skills can't keep up, can't find information and related resources such as pictures and videos

The innovation and creativity of subject knowledge presentation is not obvious
The basic knowledge of teaching needs to be further developed
Difficult to combine theory and practice

The school does not have a systematic curriculum and lacks practice
Professional terms are difficult to understand
Not enough opportunities for practice
The school gives less resources
Too many people in the course, little opportunity to perform on stage
Only the most basic web technologies are used
Lack of creative thinking
Lack of practical training platform and close guidance
Sometimes not very good at using multimedia teaching aids and some more advanced software
Don't know how to express better

Teaching and technology cannot be combined organically
Poor online training network, too much temptation

Hardware is too poor
The school gives less resources
Selection of topics and practical exercises
Selection of topics, logical relationships

The biggest difficulty is to achieve personalized and precise teaching
Lack of critical thinking
Difficulty in developing international understanding
How to better develop students' creative skills

Teaching a course well
Output of theoretical knowledge

Lack of creative ability and don't know how to cultivate it
Application of theoretical knowledge of psychology
Words don't make sense, can do but not teach, nervous
More implicit knowledge such as the culture behind the language Beijing
Struggle to operate computer applications
Not having a clear idea and method
The contradiction between employment and school training structure
Programming is weaker
Poor self-management
At present, I think there is still a great lack of innovative approach to problem identification and problem solving. I often have an idea, but I don't know how to use different methods to design a solution with different dimensions, and I know very little about many international related studies, and my thinking is very limited.
In terms of critical thinking development, there are few opportunities to communicate and discuss with classmates and teachers. There is a lack of application of skills in using information technology as a learning tool and to collect information on a topic to operate independently.
Practical application of pedagogical knowledge is difficult to achieve
The impact of different cultural backgrounds on language learning in many ways
Expertise and ability to communicate problems

Poor mastery of basic knowledge
Expertise and communication skills
The difficulties I encountered make how to care about the specific difficulties of each student in Koyo and drive the class rhythm so that the class can be active.
Obstacles: there is a disconnect between theory and time, lack of social and teaching experience of students and lack of effective transition. Knowledge of teacher ethics and moral values remains weak. Skills such as board writing, chalk writing, and charting are relatively weak.
Not yet studying pedagogy
None (still in upper sophomore year and not taking related courses)
Many not covered or applied
There is a wide variety of materials on the Internet, and we often don't know how to make trade-offs when sifting through them, and it is often difficult to sift through them.
There is a big obstacle to acquiring international understanding, and knowledge of different countries is limited to books, the Internet, and lectures by teachers.

Approaches to students of different levels

How to make students enjoy learning English
Designing classroom activities that are fun and fit the educational purpose.


Teachers are not sufficiently aware of this
Little opportunity for practice
Not knowing what to do when students are disruptive in the classroom
To learn local practical skills and international understanding
Lack of experience and few opportunities for practice

Less effective in applying theory to practice

Don't know how to divide the modules
This context and community problem solving
Spoken language skills and confidence
No creative thinking
How to translate what you learn into your own, and how to express yourself in a visual and interesting way
All quite difficult
More boring, single form of learning

Improvement of creative ability and application of what you learn to local practice

T's explanations or interpretations are not rich enough. I hope that T will give enough examples or experiences to explain during the class.

Search for relevant resources
Evaluation of literature from different sources

The leader of the group is very important! Without a clear division of labor, it can make collaboration very difficult.
Pedagogy courses are not well connected to the development of critical thinking

Oral presentation skills are difficult to improve
Much theory taught, little opportunity for hands-on practice
Repeat students (often sleep in class from freshman to sophomore year)
Creative ideas for assignments tend to encounter bottlenecks and lack of learning ability for some technologies
When using technology to follow up on long-term assignments, the raw material (video) obtained is severely lagged by network conditions or platforms, making it difficult to perform video analysis.
Introversion, problems with public speaking, and poor communication skills.
Collaboration process is formal
Reserve of theoretical knowledge
The teacher asked us to figure out the N-vivo software by ourselves, and we were really confused.

International comprehension: less international information obtained and more difficult to obtain.
Students do not pay attention to geography and absorb geography knowledge too slowly.
Don't know how to impart some of the more boring and abstract ideas and knowledge points to students.
Communication, innovation
Curriculum is a bit uninteresting & test-taking, not very practical
Creative ability still needs to be improved
International perspective is still small and practical skills are still weak.
The balance of learning time, the decision of priorities conflicts with other developments of their own.
It is difficult to overcome that feeling of tension in microgrid teaching by oneself

Too much content, some operations are too complicated
1. students' work is not well disciplined; 2. students' grades cannot be raised; 3. knowledge in class, students forget it after class; 4. how to teach for different students' levels

Lack of platform to communicate, lack of foreign scholars to communicate, lack of team communication to promote the ability to improve
Often influenced by other factors; not good at expression.
In track and field, know the movement essentials and power sequence, but just can't do it in person
The biggest difficulty I experienced was my own laziness, refusing to practice on my own more often outside of class time.
The biggest difficulty was that the elementary school I went to was in a rural area, and there hadn't been a formal PE teacher before, so all the students hadn't been properly educated. Everything needed to be taught from the beginning, from the simplest preparation exercises, running posture, one by one correction. Not having a foundation was the biggest problem I encountered in teaching.
The biggest obstacle is that people don't understand and don't cooperate, so you have to make yourself good and convincing.
Work things are complicated, teaching content is boring and lifeless, and students do not want to accept it.
The learning content is too boring and students are extremely uncooperative.

Have encountered nervousness in the middle of a lesson when I forgot the content
Lack of real laboratory courses
Often relaxed from learning due to lack of self-control; easily disturbed by the outside world.

Insufficient lesson plan writing skills and practical experience
University learning is very different from secondary school learning because it tests students' independent learning ability, so it requires strong self-discipline, and I still need to work hard to resist the temptation from cell phones and computers. This means that you have to work with a group to complete the task, and sometimes you are required to have a good idea, and the investigation is the ability to cooperate and communicate and the sense of innovation, and this aspect I have not done enough, still need to work hard.
Personally, I think I lack critical thinking and have encountered the greatest difficulties in the process of learning to think critically. For example, in math class, the teacher sometimes miscalculates the answer, but usually I rarely look at each question with critical thinking and always take it for granted that the teacher is right.
Not having good self-control to force myself to study
Many subjects require online study and a certain amount of time to get a grade, but because of the number of activities I have to participate in, I can't complete them on a schedule.
Feeling helpless in the face of exceptional students who do not speak or interact or cooperate with the teacher.


Not knowing whether the online resources are correct or not, and teachers not explaining parts of the knowledge
Some subjects may not quite understand what the professor says may lead to later grades
Not understanding the community
Lack of critical thinking in the learning process; lack of self-management and self-control; difficulty in resisting the temptation of the Internet when using online resources; lack of confidence with international exchanges

Not much understanding of some academic words and phrases, so a bit unable to keep up with the teacher's lectures
The learning curriculum is theoretical and needs to be supplemented with practical experience on their own


Conflict between teacher dominance and child autonomy/subjectivity, how to coordinate classroom activities


Knowing how to acquire these skills but not having the courage to take the first step
Questioning of the subject by family members and classmates. Weak teamwork skills.
Special education children have limited abilities, most of which are not so important in their lives
Microlearning competition
High resistance in scientific research, find it hard to learn and understand. Would like to improve classroom management skills and have more opportunities for hands-on learning.
Theory
Communication interpersonal skills
Difficult to break through to express my own point of view
Conservative and non-verbal personality is a hindrance to communication skills and local practical skills, etc.
The obstacle is that I only understand the software and operation of making information technology teaching aids, but I am not skilled in the specific application
During the course, many students were able to offer very unique insights and opinions and ask very new questions. I was very envious because I am not a good problem finder, and it was a puzzle to me how to develop my creative ability and eye for problem finding.
In a group collaboration, I disagreed with a member of the group, and we both insisted on disagreeing with each other's views, while the other members of the group treated both of us with a casual and scattered attitude, thinking that both were fine. Eventually, we then launched further inquiry according to our respective views, with no one giving way and the subject matter gradually fragmenting in both directions.
Home-school cooperation and difficulties in communication with parents
What is learned in books is difficult to apply in practice; the range of knowledge learned is large, but not systematic and precise.

The curriculum is not systematic
For me, the biggest difficulty I have encountered and am experiencing is the very limited ability to find, read and identify foreign literature, which makes it difficult to analyze and summarize the current state of foreign research on the research problem when writing a paper or researching a topic.
The ability of self-management relies mainly on my own perseverance to develop, which is more difficult.
Insufficient ability to find resources
Self-learning software introduced by teachers can't be understood and operated

The classroom format is old-fashioned and there is no opportunity for acquisition
The knowledge learned in theory sometimes deviates in practical application because of the individual differences of students/education targets, which leads to the need for practical adjustment of theory.
The teacher is not familiar with the link between theoretical knowledge taught in the course and practical operation, or encounters problems in practical operation that cannot be solved by the existing theoretical knowledge.
Organize and sort out the collected data and form their own opinions
Lacking in sifting and integrating literature and forming independent opinions, and in sharp criticism
Answer questions in person
The greatest difficulty is how to stimulate students' creative abilities
Inability to solve complex problems or answer questions that do not have clear answers
Difficulty in adapting to specific situations when faced with difficult problems, and students are rarely motivated to learn self-management skills
Inorganic Chemistry
Poor basic skills and poor expertise
