I wish I could learn more professional knowledge of learning, teachers in the classroom just need to understand it, I should work harder!
International exchange and cooperation, subject teaching methods, and basic teaching skills.  Provide appropriate courses, or implement one-to-many practical instruction, or strengthen field teaching observation and practice.
Spoken English
Give us more choices
New teaching cases
The use of educational information technology
Language teaching, text interpretation, the
Teaching techniques, chalk writing, hard-pencil calligraphy
None for now.
Text interpretation skills
None
Ability to connect with international education. Show us more foreign classroom recordings or ask foreign teachers to share.
Teaching Language
Critical Thinking
Provide opportunities to exercise and guide
Lesson design, including group activities, classroom sessions, etc.
You can listen to lessons in the classrooms of good teachers and learn more
Educational technology
Teaching skills
Skills in this area of speech contests. University teachers to give some advice on our future development.
None
The calm and light-hearted transmission of knowledge in course teaching
No
More trial lessons
Lecturing skills Class management skills I hope the school and teachers will provide more opportunities like this and give advice for the situation
The ability to give lessons to students as a subject teacher needs to be improved, so you can communicate how to give good lessons
Oral expression skills
Chalk writing skills, lecture skills, etc.
Innovation
More opportunities for practice, preferably with the appropriate curriculum
Teacher professional skills (including lesson preparation, lecture, writing and reflection)
Programming skills
I think that teachers' chalking, writing, and some of their own classroom skills need to be strengthened by schools, and special chalking classes and teacher skills courses can be offered
Mathematical expertise, examples of deeper knowledge and teaching methods in high school
Interaction with people and information technology skills
More specific courses with higher requirements for students
Communication
Improve proficiency in teaching skills. I hope the teacher university can provide more opportunities in that area.
1. the ability to search for network resources 2. to offer some analysis of teaching and teaching management using network technology
Skills more guidance and homework assignments
Through some courses, or the design of the scenario, exercise my board design, and the ability to deal with unexpected problems
Provide more practical exercises
Lecture skills
Creative ability
I would like to read more books and have the opportunity to pursue higher education
International perspective and creative ability to do some specific projects
Classroom management, teaching evaluation, etc. I hope to have relevant courses and give more opportunities to practice
In terms of classroom performance
Communication design classroom skills, I hope the teacher can provide me with more videos of great lectures
I think skills can be improved through practice and continuous reflection, but professionalism and ideas may be difficult to improve after leaving college.
Expression, more practice and guidance
Classroom management
Guiding us to read more extensively and deeply in foreign language literature.
Basic teacher skills, such as board design, and proper use of materials in relation to the standards and exam syllabus
Expression skills
Among the competencies given, international competencies are the ones I lack, so I hope that there will be some courses and so on.
Analyzing the curriculum from multiple perspectives
Skills in teacher literacy
Finding modern technology and resources
Professional teacher skills such as teacher language arts, writing, lesson plan design, etc.
Ability to use skills proficiently to help accomplish some teaching tasks
Ability to express oneself verbally
Professional knowledge and classroom management skills.
How to enhance creativity in instructional design
Desire to acquire specific skills such as board writing, lesson design, assignment design, classroom skills and management methods...
Logical thinking skills
Still want to continue to improve teaching related skills to make the course design more attractive and popular with students while still meeting the needs of the test. I hope that university teachers will increase the number of opportunities to listen to or videotape the best courses.
About teaching skills! I hope there will be more courses for educational internship
More interesting skills to be taught in the classroom. I hope teachers can use their own experiences to teach so that we can have more practice
Communication skills with students
Not yet.
Ability in information technology, etc. Offer courses elective.
None
Expression skills, reading skills
Communication skills
Skills learning, I hope to learn with targeted projects.
I hope to have more interaction with professional teachers on teaching related issues, besides knowledge itself, how to teach knowledge to explain knowledge, how to train students, I hope teachers can share and interact with us, so we can see each other's teaching ideas
Teaching according to the material
Comprehensive skills, presentation and rational analysis
Improve expression skills and get along better with others
Continuous learning of English
Multi-point teaching practice
Teaching and learning Combined with subject matter
Another thing I would like to improve is my communication skills with students, which is a skill that needs to be learned, especially with students. So I would also like to have more different courses to improve my skills in all aspects of education.
I hope that my teacher will give me time and give me some time to organize my tasks and guidance.
For information search and organization
Research ability, treating free teacher training students and non-free teacher training students equally
I hope to improve my practical and communication skills. As a chemistry major, you should not only be able to do experiments by yourself, but also be good at sharing and communicating with others. I hope that the school and teachers will give us more opportunities to communicate with each other. In addition to communication among students, there are also opportunities to communicate with the community and other schools.
English skills
None.
I hope to know more about how to share the fascination of history with students in a deep and simple way. I think the teachers have helped me a lot, but to improve, I need to learn more and practice more on my own.
Teaching Skills
Information technology is what I hope to improve.
Teaching design thinking, more morning related courses
Communication skills
Putting these skills into practice more often
Lesson speaking skills. Offer pedagogy electives and more internship practice opportunities.
Improve teaching practice skills More internship opportunities
Practical skills, eloquence, analysis and thinking skills
Improve teaching experience. Teachers can provide more practice teaching opportunities.
Teaching skills
Ability to question, identify and ask questions; ability to express my ideas clearly and fluently, etc.
I would like to enhance my ability to write papers and to apply cutting-edge modern information technology, including big data mining. I hope how to help support, don't have much idea, mainly rely on self-study and ask teachers for guidance.
None
Specification and application of educational research methods
Skills in the use of multimedia
More on oral communication skills
Teaching practice skills
Communication, problem inquiry and problem solving skills
Classroom management
None
Improve innovative ability; I attend more relevant activities, such as cutting-edge lectures, etc.
I would like to have more time to lecture in person, have my teacher review and revise, and complete a complete lesson
Teach me to learn to do research or teach me to publish articles
Academic inquiry skills
Increase internship opportunities
Emphasis on developmental psychology
1. skills with students 2. some educational internship activities
Teaching skills
Improve your basic language skills
Classroom management
Control skills
Time opportunity to be able to have more
Humor level, knowledge understanding level
Improving teaching skills
Communication aspects, especially with students' parents
Offer more technical courses, not just lectures
Student psychological guidance skills
Chalk writing, hard calligraphy, speech, pronunciation, etc.
Quality of education and teaching
Data collection, processing and analysis
None
Teaching
Resource searching ability and resource matching ability to enhance student acceptance
None
Teacher-student interaction
Ability to communicate with children, knowledge and ability to regulate students' mental health
More courses related to research methods, ethics, sociology
Enhancement of research methods and establishment of research frameworks
Logical writing skills, critical thinking skills
Creative spirit
More use of modern technology for teaching
Enhancement of data finding skills
To be involved in more international forums or to work with people from different cultures to improve international understanding
I hope the college will provide us with the opportunity to go to school for internship
Teaching and classroom emergency handling skills
Focused and rigorous.
Technical skills
More options for internships
Critical thinking Logical thinking
Focus more on skills related to future direction
Improve your self-management skills, and be able to arrange and manage your time and work life well. I hope our teachers will give us the opportunity to make our own plans and thus learn to arrange our time rationally.
Local practical ability, more combination of practice and theory
Communication skills, I think we should practice more
Practical skills, provide opportunities
More focus on critical thinking skills and international understanding in the classroom
Lecture skills and multimedia teaching techniques and abilities
Ability to grasp the whole picture
Teaching skills, and more teaching programs where more people can learn teacher skills
Knowledge level lecturing and lesson planning skills. Provide resources for students to try their own lectures and learn
All aspects
Lack of educational teaching skills, do not know how to teach a good lesson anymore, hope students can stand on the podium themselves to experience
Communicate with students to deal with the problems they encounter in learning, and give us more opportunities to have educational internships
Not yet
Writing lesson plans and board books
Lesson plan writing, Putonghua
Teacher language art, knowledge summary and reflection
Ability to lecture on stage, professional learning skills
I would like to improve my reading and expression skills and be able to carry out relevant activities in and out of the classroom
How to present a lesson in a clear framework for students
Verbal skills, to be relevant in the classroom
Expressive and professional skills, communicating more
Self-expression, giving advice and practice opportunities
I hope to read more books, and I hope that teachers of literary history can give us recommendations
Thoughtfulness, better role as a mentor
Skills: course design, diverse thinking, provide discussion among classmates, trigger different ways of thinking, provide good case sharing, and exercise yourself in understanding
Improve computer skills and some communication skills with others, and add social practice courses so that we can communicate more with students and enhance our communication skills
Use technology as a learning tool to learn more about websites, software usage, etc.
Classroom management skills and communication skills among students.
I hope to improve my communication skills, I don't dare to speak in front of many people, this is something that a teacher must overcome, I hope that teachers can provide more opportunities for students to practice how to speak in front of many people, I believe that this will be very helpful to students
Interpersonal, communication and cooperation skills, provide more opportunities to exercise, think critically, give a certain amount of free space, open, open-minded, and give appropriate guidance
To improve teaching experience and ability, I hope the university will provide more opportunities to do so.
I hope to further improve my foreign language skills
Critical thinking, cooperation, and communication skills; present my problems and suggest how to improve them, give inspiring guidance, set more group work, and open dialogue in class
More practical courses with practical instructors
Ability to improve course development
Collaboration skills, project support
Information literacy, software use; strengthen the necessary and diverse statistical software applications
More opportunities for field trips to enhance innovation ability, able to provide more ideas and directions to promote the development of innovation ability, more guidance in class, encourage original presentations; improve local practice ability, provide practice areas and practice objects, more convenient to carry out corresponding practice
Professional skills, expression skills
The ability to deal with problems in the classroom; the desire to strengthen teaching practice
Critical thinking skills; desire to offer logic classes
Awareness of responsibility
I would like to improve innovation, international understanding and local practice; I would like teachers to include innovative activities related to international and local practice in the relevant courses
Submitting the ability to think for oneself in research
To improve communication skills; to develop courses to improve these skills
Use technology as a learning tool, provide cost-effective learning tools for self-study, or offer workshops on related technologies.
Critical thinking, innovation, opportunities to think on my own, resources available, teaching some basic research skills, and maintaining a long-term stable relationship
1. offering relevant courses, such as history classes, self-management classes; 2. more project-based learning, group work; 3. providing relevant practical opportunities and environments where some of our more mature programs can actually be implemented.
Competence in information technology, feeling that educational technology is becoming more and more important in the data age, include educational technology related courses in credit modules.
Want to improve international understanding skills, by listening to lectures and collaborative learning with students from other countries
Critical thinking skills, local practical skills, I hope the teacher can help me analyze specific problems and improve my critical thinking skills in the process
I want to improve my creative skills, multidisciplinary teaching, use my knowledge of sociology and anthropology to analyze the content of history, and express my ideas through the publication of my original work.
I hope to improve my practical teaching skills, and teachers can use more students' classroom presentations to exercise their abilities
I can't count on learning statistical software, and I hope the school will offer more zero-based courses.
To improve interpersonal skills and international awareness, I hope the university can provide relevant courses, projects or activities to give more opportunities to exercise and improve their abilities.
Multimedia technology application; develop relevant courses and lectures to teach skills
Master a variety of learning styles, improve teaching skills and other related skills
Logical thinking and expression
Cooperative skills, development of related courses, and guidance to participate in cooperative activities
Innovation and practical skills
1. Methodological guidance, not duck-fill teaching; 2. Eye-opening teaching rather than narrow books; 3. Teaching should focus on interaction with students rather than one word
Improve the ability to express clear and rigorous thinking as well as certain abstract thinking; hand-on teaching, how the teacher learns how to teach us
Improve the skills in terms of theoretical depth; the mastery of theory is the basis for a good lecture, but also hope to learn from the teacher a unique way of teaching
Local practical skills, providing some practical opportunities or class assignments that are biased towards fieldwork, can help to have more opportunities to apply what we have learned.
Eloquence and teaching skills, with a desire for more opportunities to practice
Self-management and the ability to use technology; find more online classes that can be chosen based on interest
Not enough relevant experience in educational practice leads to lack of necessary resilience in practice; hope to provide more opportunities that are writing practice, only one educational internship is too short, and mostly correcting assignments, not much exposure to actual teaching.
Communication
Foreign language and the ability to write literature. Communicate more with teachers.
Technology level and teaching methods, writing lesson plans and oral presentation, use of multimedia technology.
Communicative skills, problem solving skills
Teaching grammar. Targeted courses and observation of front-line teachers teaching classrooms.
Podium teaching skills. More practice opportunities, related courses can be offered as early as possible (freshman and sophomore year)
To improve teacher education skills, our division pays much attention to the cultivation of research ability, which is good, but for free teacher training students, the cultivation of teacher education skills should also go hand in hand
Data analysis such as spss, amost, I hope the teacher in the class about skills more operation
computer operation, and the skills to critically analyze problems in depth. In the teaching assignments focus on the development of.
Native practical skills, international understanding, and the ability to use technology as a learning tool. Teachers guide and design more group assignments and skills involving the above three areas during instruction.
I hope to master better communication skills and specific operational guidance
1. ① Expression, communication skills ② Classroom management skills 2, the university curriculum appropriate to provide some practical courses in teaching methods, not that the theory is not good, just need to be more knowledgeable.
1. the ability to communicate and interact with students, subject expertise and skills 2. provide more opportunities for trial lectures
Lecturing, organization, discipline management skills. Guidance in the internship process.
None
How to keep motivating yourself: enjoyment is human nature, once you get a little free time you want to play greedily rather than continue to improve yourself; teacher training students do not study for the general study motivation, motivation is not enough; how to adjust the mentality: study pressure began to make also more and more people have a tendency to depression, this is very serious, the student counseling room can never be scheduled, perhaps it is time to arrange more mental health promotion activities.
Native practice skills lead us to internships in different communities.
I hope to improve my ability to organize and design lessons, grasp classroom atmosphere, and catch students' eyes; I hope teachers who lecture a lot and have high lecture levels can provide me with guidance in this area.
Teaching skills, presentation skills, stage charisma, more courses of similar nature
Special responses for students with different loyalties
Summarizing the ability to reuse established knowledge and transform the world, new technology similar to programming language; skills related to teaching preparation; more courses
Application of multimedia technology
Access to literature, independent learning of new knowledge; lectures, seminars, independent learning
Multimedia reception and lesson plan writing; courses on this subject
Understanding of high school mathematics, courses to study secondary school mathematics
To improve the ability to analyze and express ideas, and hopefully to develop a variety of related activities
To improve my ability to innovate and to operate computer software, and to be able to communicate more and give instructions
Increase the number of hours of study in teaching skills
Diplomatic communication skills and leadership skills
Knowledge of the humanities and sociology of sports should be understood, and the college should offer more courses in this area.
Educational internship skills and lectures during weekdays
The ability to transfer and apply knowledge, language skills, more courses related to customer talent, and create opportunities for people to demonstrate
I hope to continue to improve communication and cooperation skills in the process of the future. Facing the inevitable communication problems and contradictions in group cooperation, how to better coordinate the opinions and contradictions of group members, how to better focus the group members will only, collect the strength of all people to solve the difficult problems faced.
The ability to think deeply about problems and to analyze them in a structured way, and the ability to read. I hope that the teacher will lead with strict specifications and scaffolding.
I would also like to systematically learn technical skills related to research, statistics. Courses and lectures on the subject.
Collection and organization of data. To offer lectures, courses and set up free elective courses in library science. Practical training and competitions, and comprehensive (cross-curricular) training for them.
Mainly information gathering and processing skills. One is to offer elective courses in related areas so that interested and needy students can take them. The second is to organize clubs where students can find people with common interests and needs. Third, the school organizes related activities to motivate students to learn these skills.
Code writing skills, learning skills, presentation skills
(1) reading, broadening horizons (2) socializing, broadening networks (3) skills, expertise
I am particularly interested in improving my communication and language skills, which are often poorly worded and poorly articulated when conducting educational apprenticeships. Obviously, when a very simple problem, their own logic is also very clear, but said to deal with ah others but do not understand! The teacher-training students of the North Division are trained in theory, but some basic teaching styles and lecture training are still missing. I think the school should open this special optional courses, basic skills are not as important as theoretical knowledge, but in the years after graduation work is particularly important. So we need training in this area.
I hope that beyond the underlying principles, we can properly learn some more applied technologies, or at least let the teachers teach the skills and methods of learning such technologies. This will help us to adapt to the workplace faster and better after we enter the society and take less detours.
The skills of developing a project independently. I hope that teachers can open more courses that are relatively engineering practice and less theory, and can teach students how to develop a project from scratch.
Understand the process of the college entrance examination, the law, to understand the language entrance examination marking standards. University teachers introduce more about the content of the college entrance examination questions, the relationship between what is learned in class and the content of the test.
Improve skills in programming, statistics, data analysis, and machine learning. More courses in data analysis and computational linguistics in the Faculty of Arts and Sciences, advocating big data and empirical research.
Lecture skills. Specialization in the use of multimedia resources.
Skills in collaboration. Provide group tasks to participate in.
Instructional technology. Better practice opportunities are available. In addition to this, I would like to strengthen my writing and calligraphy skills. 
Skills I would like to improve: writing, dealing with students, how to make the lesson coherent and smooth. How to support and help: Give concrete and practical teaching situations and opportunities, give advice.
I especially want to improve my creative and communication skills. I would like to have appropriate opportunities for public speaking and communication to showcase myself. I would like to be able to participate in courses and practical activities that foster creativity, imagination, and innovation.
Writing skills. Give subject-specific writing-based instruction.
Local practical skills, international practical skills. Universities provide more platforms, information, resources to students and financial support. Teachers are able to improve skills effectively for individuals.
Practical teaching skills. Educational apprenticeship courses are offered to effectively connect with students and enrich the apprenticeship format.
I would like to make a breakthrough in the ability to be creative and collaborative. How do you sow the seeds of creativity and cooperation in the hearts of students? Through what activities? How to test the level of those two competencies?
Teachers can organize clubs or groups, etc. to find dedicated people to help students develop their thinking; they can find foreign teachers to give students a platform to meet foreign friends
Critical thinking, self-management skills
As a freshman, my goal is to make the best use of the resources and conditions available to me, and to develop my skills as a teacher and my background
Professional knowledge; more sharing of methods and experiences
Lecturing skills; arrange for tutors to provide specialized coaching and offer mandatory courses on teaching skills
Teaching skills
Communication skills with students
Subject knowledge and guidance
Communication skills, opening classes, lectures, etc.
Professional ability and presentation skills
None
Use of skills in the classroom; relevant courses should be offered
Appropriate additional apprenticeship
Teacher skills training; provide a platform for teaching; lectures or specialized coaching
None
Appropriate stress reduction
I would like to improve my skills in two areas - verbal communication skills (being able to guide the conversation wisely and successfully avoid it getting bogged down), and being able to take better control of the classroom and make it more comprehensive and fluid
The ability to analyze data; through further study of the course
Effective combination of theory and practice; the opening of practical courses, which are applying what they have learned, providing students with real situations such as lesson plan writing, information simulation, etc., to exercise students
Practical skills; the ability to use real-life examples in addition to theory in classroom teaching.
Academic skills; opening classes
Practical skills for kindergarten teachers; additional relevant courses
Micro-lessons; not self-study, but lectures by teachers
Access to authoritative data, analysis of big data; offer courses, or symposia
None
Use of multimedia technology to infiltrate the learning process in many ways; additional courses in related disciplines
We hope to improve the ability of expression and international understanding; the school can organize quality study tours and observation, exchange of excellent front-line teachers and educational practice activities. Provide opportunities for exempt teachers to go out and learn and exchange.
Local practice and exposure to the real teaching environment
This well, we can invite more experienced and excellent front-line teachers to give us lectures.
Feedback; internship process, essay writing to enhance communication and make effective suggestions.
Interdisciplinary cultural analysis skills; offer a variety of elective courses to ensure student autonomy.
Use the viewpoint to analyze hot spots, local creation and innovation, keep up with the times, not just stare at foreign things to chase after learning, to train future leaders ^o^

Teaching methods
I also hope to improve lecturing and speaking skills; I hope the school can open skills classes for such activities


Research skills, practical skills, I hope the school will start more course apprenticeships, faculty internships, and provide more resources for students
Computer skills, oral expression skills, more opportunities to teach computer skills, more communication, more communication activities, less formalistic gimmicks




Expression, thinking logic, give opportunities to study and demonstrate

Information and technology
communication skills, organize teacher-training students to participate in teaching activities to improve teaching skills
Assign some homework tasks to be completed by the group
I hope to improve my skills in computer operation and application, and I hope that the school will offer computer tutorials so that we can exchange and learn from each other
Putting theory into practice
Cooperation and communication skills
I would like to have lectures on international understanding and classrooms to provide more material for comparative education.
I want to learn spss but the capacity of spss course is not enough
I think I need more practice in these skills, such as student evaluation, observation skills, and teaching skills.


The ability to be flexible and adapt to various unexpected situations
More practical activities in teaching, so that everything can be practiced in the actual teaching work
More internship experience and more disciplinary frontiers for teachers, and the ability to provide advice on philosophical thinking with critical thinking in and out of class
Office software applications, more courses to start

I would like to improve my skills in teaching

I would like to improve my skills on computer, and I would like teachers to share more ways to learn computer
1. information technology operation skills 2. communication with various people at home and abroad (teachers, students, social workers) to learn from each other
I'm graduating and my college teacher can't help much anymore
Classroom management skills + teaching techniques + teaching theory + teaching strategies
Scientific research ability, opening research courses, eg. research paper writing, etc.
skills: educational teaching skills and educational information technology (ps,pr...) to offer courses or recommend extracurricular reading
International comprehension skills, they can't do anything about it
Teaching skills, more classroom simulations
Skills in the arts, more courses and input
Professional skills (piano art dance and other skills) more professional skills courses (more hours)
Preschool professional skills, provide more learning opportunities or resources
Multimedia information technology, processing skills
Skills in data collection and processing, offer related courses


Strengthen cooperation with existing educational institutions to be able to apply theory to practice
Earning skills
Teaching skills


Data analysis skills, I would like to be able to teach us the relevant data evaluation functions in more detail and to conduct related lectures
Teacher-student interaction, developing the ability to handle good teacher-student relationships
Professionalism, essay writing, lectures, and continuous improvement in daily practice
I hope to improve my ability to research, identify and summarize problems, and hope that my university supervisor will conduct more discussions and academic presentations on educational research.
Research ability, university teachers can let undergraduate students participate in the project
Improvement of logical thinking and guidance in the process of organizing documents and materials
Public speaking skills, giving more feedback on daily reports/reports
Practical skills and communication skills need to be improved, and I hope that teachers can communicate more and provide more specific guidance and attention to themselves




Improve data analysis skills, carry out educational experiments, use IT skills, practical experience in education and teaching, and offer more courses to give practical exercises
Innovation skills, critical thinking skills, communication skills, teamwork skills
 
Mainly teaching skills, provide more learning opportunities
 
Logical thinking, ability to analyze problems, guidance mainly, more open-ended questions to promote people to answer
Want to improve the skills of screening literature and the skills of using multimedia technology, hope that the university adapts to open corresponding courses about network technology, the teacher can show the students how to effectively extract resources in the huge amount of information.
 
 
Teaching skills, to be able to skillfully use the teaching methods they have learned and to be able to bring new educational ideas to the classes they teach.
Instructional design skills to design relevant lessons
 
 
About the development of general skills
 
 
Some skills needed in communicating with others
Presentation skills
Creative ability and local practical ability, in response to the various challenges of the new era, creative ability is extremely important, and we hope to add the element of innovation to the learning process in the future, to develop for students' creative ability, unique way of thinking, etc. As well as considering the employment situation of students afterwards, we should strengthen the skill development in terms of local practical ability.
Communication and expression skills
Enhancement of teaching skills
Conduct more educational apprenticeships or internships
Teacher training skills (such as PPT production, chalk writing, etc.) More lectures and competitions on related knowledge
To mention inquiry skills, more opportunities to observe the research process or participate in the research process can be provided
Public speaking, presentations
 
Skills in professional knowledge, lecture practice
Critical thinking, lectures
 
Creative ability

More opportunities for practice
Enhancement of skills: collaboration in the actual educational process in school, communication skills, creative and innovative process Get help: want more internships, apprenticeships in preschool education
International understanding skills, local practice skills, providing more opportunities for hands-on teaching, using technology as a learning tool, and other skills should be improved.
Group work skills, interpersonal skills, and internet information use skills
Scientific research skills, guiding students to complete a research project in their second year
Teaching practice
Theory application and increased opportunities for apprenticeship
Teaching practice

Teaching practice skills, more practical courses, more application of theory to practice
The ability to apply knowledge to practice, and hope that teachers can provide relevant guidance
Better participation in lesson preparation instead of practicing PPT
I hope it can help me improve my research skills. I think a few lectures shared by seniors are not enough, and undergraduates are not reliable in choosing topics most of the time, so I hope undergraduates can also have a mentorship system to develop their personal qualities before they can consider independent research topics.
I want to improve my communication and creative skills
Language skills, pre-seminar presentations, etc.

Ability to teach the right subject




Improve chalk and penmanship, and arrange more relevant teaching courses
writing and writing
Creative skills
Provide multiple ways to access information - and more opportunities
To improve podium charm and teaching ability
Want to improve teaching skills in the classroom, and arrange more practical courses such as classroom and trial lectures

Teaching skills

I think it's all good, because there are many things I should try to do well
Presentation skills and oratory skills, increase the number of relevant courses, one for each teaching session and one for presentation practice sessions



Emotion management, life values exploration
English professional skills, psychology expertise
How to be calm
Specialized classes for "teacher training" skills (writing, classroom teaching)
Enhancement of skills in the use of information technology, hoping to connect ancient pedagogy with modern information society
Improve the skills of using big data, open such a course, and have to put the dry goods
1, I still hope to improve international communication skills (such as speaking skills) 2, ① create an environment for international exchange (not just teaching foreign language reading and writing), if necessary, you can invite foreign teachers / international exchange students to the classroom, and the students to communicate ② create opportunities for students to speak, you can form groups of two or two students to cooperate and form a dialogue exchange in foreign languages
Hope to improve the language skills
1. the ability to communicate with foreigners and express themselves orally 2. the ability to master foreign languages 3. the ability to collect and analyze information 4. the ability to compare information from various sources
International understanding skills: 1. provide a platform to contact/acquire culture and information of other countries or regions. 2. provide opportunities to participate in international academic exchanges. 3. link international topics to daily academic studies. 4. access to official and authoritative foreign materials without going through walls would be best
I also hope to improve skills: innovation and practical ability; I hope the university can provide us with more platforms and opportunities to innovate and practice
I hope I can be more bold, confident, good at expressing myself, not to have stage fright, improve my language skills, and hope that teachers can give students more opportunities to showcase and internship opportunities.
The ability to use technology and innovation, the opening of relevant courses for learning, mastering the skills of acquiring the corresponding skills
1. computer-assisted teaching skills, such as: making courseware, flash animation, high-definition maps and production and query methods. 2. English speaking skills, I hope to organize sisters or teachers for experience exchange and learning
I hope to improve the actual function and skills of lecture and speaking
Focus on the thinking and autonomy of learning
Teacher training skills, more practical classes
Speaking lectures. Offer special elective courses
Offer related activities or training
Any aspect, give lectures
Angle and ability to deal with problems
Keeping an eye on the development of the new media field
Improve the ability to speak and teach
Oral expression
Teacher training skills, information technology skills, international education theory aspects
Web technology skills, teaching practice
Web technology skills, teaching practice skills
Education and teaching practice skills, self-expression skills, giving targeted instruction
Writing lesson plans, creating courseware, improving the impact of teaching
Literary literacy, critical thinking skills
Presentation skills, hope teachers can give more one-on-one help and guidance
Communication practice
English
Critical innovation
Improve resource development, programming skills
Demonstration skills, research skills
Teacher skills, IT skills, international educational theory aspects
Self-regulation skills
Improving educational research skills
Biological experimentation skills
Demonstration skills
International communication, collaboration skills

Literature review skills
Educational internship, lecture skills, and emergency problem management
Academic teaching skills
Presentation skills, classroom content design skills, ability to control the classroom and students


Improve personal communication and handling skills
Scientific research skills, logical thinking skills
Innovation skills

Communication skills
Interviewing skills
Small group classes

Enhancement of paradoxical thinking
Set up some psychological experiment related content
Teaching skills, more student lectures
More dynamic content inside and outside the classroom

Interpersonal and cooperative skills

Educational skills, field trips and practice
To create classes that engage students
Communication skills
I hope I can improve my creative, international and practical skills. Ways to: 1. Improve campus facilities and have access to internationally relevant information; 2. Have more opportunities for practice and investigation to realistically integrate real-life situational issues with the major; 3. Be able to target relevant activities or research and learn from others' innovations, ideas, etc.
Give feedback on assignments completed in teamwork or using information technology. Provide content such as international hotspots and foreign cultures to better promote international understanding.
More hands-on class settings, encourage internships!
More exchange programs in schools!
I would like to improve my general skills
I would like to improve international understanding
Use of databases. Offer relevant courses or lectures.
Improve: collaboration, communication, innovation, use of technology skills; how to: give lectures, offer courses, hold events, through their own continuous internal and external training.
I want to be an educator and speaker. I am from a remote rural area, and I chose teacher training because I intend to return there in the future to be an educator and use my lectures so that more children can have their dreams, so I would like to get help about lectures.
1. Skills for practical activities (actual classroom teaching, volunteer teaching, volunteer skills activities, etc.) 2. Basic teaching skills (board writing, layout, knowledge block diagram and summarizing ability)
Skills for classroom presentation
Lecture skills . The teacher gives certain advice.
1. teacher skills; 2. online technology operation skills. 1. Opening lectures; 2. Organizing competitions.
Improve your lecture skills. I hope the teacher can show us good lecture style and give us criticism and good suggestions on the lecture style prepared by our students.
Also hope to improve skills in classroom management. Offer classroom teacher study courses or hold relevant experience sharing sessions to invite frontline teachers to share and answer questions.
More courses on teaching skills
Classroom management. Offer relevant course activities.
Multifaceted skills, including teacher training skills, professional skills.
Flexibility in handling different states of the classroom. Hopefully adaptable to different case studies to enhance skills.
Data processing and summarization, information technology
Ability to use language
Regular evaluation feedback on these skills
Oral expression skills
Verbal expression. Give more opportunities to demonstrate in the classroom
Practical skills
Give more time for self-study and absorption
Presentation
Teacher modeling skills
Skills to flexibly solve teaching emergencies
Listening, translation
Creative skills, communication skills. Courses and lectures offered
Professional knowledge, presentation skills
Speaking and writing skills. Train more.
Communication skills. Assign more varied forms of tasks
I hope to improve my listening and oral communication skills, as well as expand my knowledge of English culture, speed up my reading, and improve my reading comprehension.
I would also like to improve my ability to communicate with students and teach them according to their needs. I would like the school to organize regular teaching presentations as well as tutoring events.
Skills: Ability to interact with students in the classroom and interview response skills. Offer appropriate courses.
Classroom management skills, which are very practical in the classroom. Courses or lectures on the subject.

Classroom lectures. Give more opportunities to practice.
Oral presentation skills. More interactive sessions and evaluation sessions in the course

Communication skills. More classroom presentations and simulations of teacher-training students' lectures.
Skills in organizing information and management

Oral presentation skills
Lecture skills, communication skills, skills to handle actual teaching incidents. Give more opportunities for students who are not very outstanding to demonstrate!
1. presentation skills as well as lecturing skills; 2. the ability to conduct more activities related to teacher training skills competitions, and to participate in competitions through group work.
Presentation skills
Give us more opportunities to demonstrate and review our skills.
I hope that my ability to process and integrate various knowledge and information will be strengthened. A course like this could be offered.
Skills in using technology as a learning tool. Some training to improve the ability to operate software; introduce some software related to the profession.
Communication skills. Focus on each student instead of focusing on the extroverted student.
For example, the ability to respond and adapt in the classroom, right? Train students to think more.
How about a solid stockpile of subject matter fundamentals! Need instruction in learning and strategies, right!
More training in teaching skills instead of getting theoretical analysis all day.

International comprehension, creativity, use of technology as a learning tool
1. graphing skills; 2. teaching methods; 3. practical skills development
International comprehension skills.

Professional skills, innovative and creative skills, multimedia use skills. More activities or encourage participation in competitions
Innovation ability, international understanding ability, critical thinking ability
Improve innovation ability, international understanding ability, local practical activities. How to: combine theory and practice, fun activities, give more cases.
Scientific research skills, assist groups to cooperate with other organizations.

Computer skills
Public speaking skills, more opportunities for public speaking
Standardization of written and oral expression in English
Lecture skills on stage, give opportunities to lecture on stage
1、Board writing, speaking, teaching courseware production; 2、More internship activities, more front-line teachers to teach and exchange








I hope to improve the skills of innovation, insight into social pain points, innovative solutions. 2, when students want to seek help, teachers should not always think about what the students have contributed to the college or school before deciding whether to be patient to help.
Desire to enhance the ability to innovate teaching methods


Open platform, share skills, promote top universities as well as professional drive development, promote knowledge innovation technology improvement.
1、I hope to improve the ability to apply the knowledge we have learned and bring it to life to live and learn. 2、I hope the school will provide more platforms or hold some activities to be able to use the knowledge we have learned to participate in.
1、To improve the education aspect; 2、To talk more about the skills of mastering these skills
I also hope to improve my skills in English, and the competition like dance skills. English side by their own self-conscious, arts and sports hope to have a platform available to some interested but not proficient students.
I also hope to improve my professional skills, such as the ability to lecture and do demonstrations.
I hope to improve my I sports professional skills and theoretical skills, because only then will others believe in you and follow your guidance to go. I hope they continue to give me the greatest confidence and keep encouraging me.
Education of students' defense skills emergency skills should recognize their merits.
You should follow the trend of the times, reduce the generation gap between students and teachers, and talk to students heart to heart. Be good at showing students what the skills can do
More lectures and more practice
Hope to learn more expertise from teachers
Improve my own aura
I hope to improve my skills in self-management, communication, and technical expertise. 2. I hope the school will organize more activities such as "professional presentations", "college exchanges", and "teacher-student exchanges".
I hope to improve my writing skills
I hope to improve my practical experience
I also want to improve my self-control, self-discipline, efficient and high quality tasks and time management skills. I hope my university and teachers can provide more platforms for us to exercise, and also give us some guidance, and bring up the shortcomings for us to correct so that we can do better next time!
As a teacher training student, I hope to improve my teaching skills, after all, it is for the future work will be of great help. I hope the teacher can relate more to the reality and give more examples, and also give us more opportunities to learn and improve our teaching ability.
Computer Technology; Opening Course
Skilled use of Excel, PPT and other software
1、How to cope with some abnormal behaviors of children with special needs and how to educate and correct them. 2、I hope to have the opportunity to see how teachers deal with such problems.

Self-management skills still need to be improved
I hope to improve my artistic skills, go out more and get to know the world, and organize more activities at school.
Improve skills in art, organize more visits so that we can have more opportunities to contact with art.
Local practical skills, interview assignments can be set
1. interpersonal communication skills - I hope the teacher will teach tips and insights on how to interact with people. 2. problem solving skills - in many theoretical courses, it is difficult to apply them to practice, so I hope the teacher will teach more practical methods and problem solving methods in addition to theory. I hope the teachers can teach the theory, but also teach more practical methods to solve problems.

I hope the school can help students develop aesthetic skills, which are really important in the arts.
English proficiency or multiple foreign language proficiency, open learning opportunities (already achieved)


Practical activities with young children, social practice; provide practical opportunities for experience building


Skills in each of the areas mentioned above, more courses and practice opportunities related to these skills
Enhance practical professional skills, more opportunities for apprenticeships and visits, once on the frontline site will learn more practical.
Use technology as a learning tool to conduct courses.
Classroom management and delivery skills

Lecture
Realize the ability to increase the number of practice
I would also like to further improve my local practical skills, and I hope that the school can increase the number of relevant practical activities.
I would like to improve my communication skills, practical skills and international technology skills. More support.
Scientific research ability, I hope the teacher will lead us to do the project and give substantial advice and guidance
I think the major can offer special courses such as textbook analysis course, instructional design course, etc. to improve these abilities.
Scientific research ability. It would be nice if teachers in college could lead each student to develop topics and conduct research. Provide feedback in a timely manner and have different training programs for different grades of students instead of just focusing on new students.
In terms of using multimedia information technology
Provide more hands-on opportunities so that the homework course system can be systematic and more precise.
Earn money, it's quite poor; open another second language, preferably German
Improve teacher faculty
Ability to use technology as a learning tool. I think this segment is a skill that I still need to focus on improving, and is an important learning competency. However, this ability relies more on my own learning to improve, so I can use more technology to research and present my results under the assignment requirements of my university teachers. Of course it is also good if there are corresponding lectures and trainings that can provide professional guidance.
Critical ability and thinking, more time training.
Offer relevant courses and put them into practice
Scientific research skills and innovation, instructional design skills. Take us to do research and provide instructional design skills and training

Critical thinking and language skills
Educational statistics and data analysis skills; literary and physical skills in piano, voice, dance, etc.
Teacher calligraphy and painting skills. The number of hours can be increased appropriately and the learning content covered is more systematic.
1、Skills of collecting information through multiple channels; 2、Skills of summarizing and summarizing the collected information in multiple dimensions
1, effective screening of information and the formation of independent views; 2, the skills of reasonable criticism of existing views
Communication skills with others, or more practice
Improve my communication skills and self-management skills
More simulated scenarios, by the actual training to achieve the improvement effect
Acquire some ability to stimulate students' independent innovation and communication skills; more time to participate in practice and gain stronger practical skills
Literature, less homework to give me more time

Hands-on skills, give us more opportunities
