Use of tablets and Apple TV in training day schools. The children have been enthusiastic about using the devices.
-
Many of the tasks are group tasks, so I learned to present my ideas, give feedback and share responsibility equally. 
The lessons have covered modern software to support learning (e.g. Game Eka)
-
Critical thinking - at least in principle - is encouraged; likewise, some teachers are very enthusiastic about technological skills.
Group work on a topic of interest, but initially with a comprehensive teacher-led lecture on theory and related phenomena and practical cases. After a good grounding and clear instructions, it is easy for the group to get actively involved. The groups shown by the teacher usually work well. No established roles emerge. 
Definitely courses inspired by teachers or professors. Intense discussions in the courses, sharing views and learning from what is taught. Putting knowledge into practice. 
Learning to use information technology
Media trail (media education project for student agents) and museum project to design a workshop for primary school 3rd grade. In both cases, a curriculum was designed and implemented for the right target group.
In the visual arts pedagogy course we used many different technological tools, including animation, which was interesting, fun and inspiring.
The children's interest in mobile phones can be transferred into a teaching tool with different digital platforms or brainstorming tools.
It is sad and pointless to say this, but I have not yet thought of what I would have learnt during my first year of study about teaching, although I have learnt many things from my fellow students.
I liked the media literacy part of my visual arts pedagogy studies. It gave us some useful tips on how to put it into practice
My public speaking and presentation skills have improved considerably during my training. I don't really feel nervous about speaking in front of a class any more. Back in high school, it was the most terrifying thing I knew in my English class. My studies haven't done much to improve my English language skills. We only had one compulsory English course, which was mainly about reading scientific texts. Of course, there was some reading of scientific texts in English and some learning of specific words in my field.
Critical thinking skills; there are many perspectives.
In this increasingly busy and stressful world, it has been good to learn creativity, problem-solving, critical thinking and reflection on personal experience. All of this has increased self-awareness and made it possible to make decisions based on one's own self. I've also learned a lot about cause and effect, and I've learned to think broadly, diversely and far-sightedly.
Most of all, I have learned critical thinking and have become more courageous in sharing my opinions with others and being open to hearing others' opinions.
The best experiences I had in this special needs teacher training were studying in different groups and the great sense of community, supporting others and sharing knowledge that was built up between people. The learning experience was very meaningful for me, especially during this year.
problem based learning in a small group
As a 1 year student, we have not had much exposure to even these 21st century skills, as apparently they are not seen as part of early childhood education with the same intensity as in primary education.
The history lecturer gave great lessons combining both media criticism and history e.g. a picture of the moon with the flag waving in the wind
Theses and quality output require school work. Especially work where you are dealing with peer learners. Teaching placements have also been good learning environments.
A lot of group and pair work is done, although it is not always the best solution for learning. But at least the collaborative skills are developed when you are forced to work in diverse groups where, for example, the members' goals are not the same. Self-direction also develops in studies, because if you don't do it yourself, nothing gets done. On the other hand, self-direction is not really taught or supported, you just have to develop it if you want to complete your studies and acquire the knowledge and skills you need for your career. On the face of it, 21st century skills are/may be used in studies, but their development is largely up to the student. 
In terms of collaborative skills, when I was on placement, a music teacher used what I thought was an excellent tactic for learning to play the guitar. The students were paired up, one to play and the other to check if it was going right, and to guide them if necessary. 
I've learned a lot about the content, but I haven't practised much pedagogical skills in my first year.
As I have both previous teacher training and work experience, quite little actually comes out new. The ICT skills have been an ah-ha experience that I still enjoy. Similarly, the various discussions have been rewarding, so the reduction in face-to-face teaching has been disappointing.
Media literacy exercises in teaching practice.
Learning a wide range of physical and musical skills and learning to teach. 
21st century skills have not been taught, but have been encouraged to find out for themselves what they are and how to develop them. Although no 21st century skills have been used, all courses have been passed with high marks. I do not feel that teacher training in any way supports or encourages the learning or use of 21st century skills.
Definitely basic and in-depth teacher training.
Teaching according to the new curriculum, emphasis on ICT
'- working with people from different cultures has been taught
Training period! It's a chance to try things out in practice and get practical advice.
The teaching is action-oriented and the contextualisation of the content is successful. Critical literacy is taught quite well and thinking skills are emphasised. 
Familiarisation with the electronic matriculation examination in mother tongue. Teaching at
Learning to work in groups
Coding lessons, although there were only two sessions. There should be more.
The best experience was the internship. All the other courses were chaotic and just threw information at us. The skills we have we got from previous experience, internships or self-initiated learning, not from the course. 
-
The online courses in the Open University's undergraduate education courses used group chats where students worked together to answer the mid-term assignments. This taught both digital and group work skills.
I am studying to become a classroom teacher with a major in educational psychology. Our major courses have been particularly good at teaching self-regulation and group work. Unfortunately, however, these courses have been steadily reduced.
-
-
-
 -
Teaching practice.
G
Students in the change of orientation option in educational psychology take part of the courses in the field of subject didactics in a phenomenological approach. I feel I learned the most 21st century skills in these courses. In phenomenological courses, learning is interactive, much of the decision-making is done in a group with the help of experts, there is an in-depth exploration of the chosen topic from different perspectives, assessment is done together on the basis of criteria developed together, a suitable digital platform is chosen for the group to work on, a suitable final product for the course is developed together, etc.
learning to be critical
Probably a variety of collaborative and interactive tasks. Pair and group work has been implemented in different ways in different courses through different tasks.
It was fun to do an audio essay in a distance and online learning course! 
The applications used by the tutor supervising the course have provided the most relevant learning for my subject about today's methods to support teaching and have allowed me to enter the world of school students.
I made a video essay, it was fun and educational.
The most important experience has been that digital teaching methods should not be treated uncritically. Students can (in principle) complete an extensive curriculum "remotely" without learning anything. The demonstration of learning could have been done in a group or by someone else. Digital systems are aids - such as books or handouts - nothing more.  
-
Use of different online environments and digital pedagogical tools.
Management of the group being taught and people skills important. Especially in a group with lively students, they need to be given carefully guided activities or structured teaching or tasks all the time, otherwise their minds will be distracted. These students are likely to increase in the future as there is 'too much' information coming from all sides. Information literacy and structuring would also be needed by parents of underage students, in order to keep their children within certain limits.
Updating digital literacy. Learning international skills.
---
Although I am studying to be a subject teacher,I do not have to approach my subject only from the substance of the subject,a technical skill,but I can draw my approach/approach from the area of learning a broad range of skills,where the subject matter taught acted as an expression of understanding of the subject/phenomenon learned.  
Digital learning. Certainly useful and important for teaching in the future
It helped me to be more open minded, getting familiar with critical student centered teaching methods
Re-analysing an old teaching case.

The best thing about my teacher training was the different methods of working in groups. In terms of digitalisation or internationalisation, the studies did not give me any new skills. It would be good to take into account the digital tools that are used in the workplace, especially in the private sector, and not just rely on the tools used in academia.
I have learned about e-learning in an online environment and the appropriate teaching methods. All the teaching and tools have been up to date and the tutors have been top professionals. I also got a good internship where I learned more about internationalism, among other things, in the lessons of the migrant group. 
Getting to know future colleagues, fine words given an understandable meaning.
Digital learning situations
The whole digital environment was a new experience for me as an adult learner and I welcomed its opportunities.
Searching for information online has been both challenging and interesting. I have evaluated my own teaching and learning by listening to the ideas and experiences of others
competence-based, assessment and recognition/recognition of competences.
The competence-based approach to learning has opened up a whole new way of thinking about learning. The idea of team teaching has also changed my thinking about teaching a lot and at the same time I feel that it could also be the answer to the problem that students sometimes find it difficult to perceive some studies as meaningful, team teaching could bring meaning and significance to these studies for students.
The most rewarding aspect of face-to-face learning with your own group is the opportunity to exchange ideas and hear advice from other students and teachers. Team teaching is a better option than one tutor.You get to hear comments from different perspectives.
Using a wide range of digital applications in teaching.
-
Operational learning in a PLC class where behind a mirror glass, peer students evaluate my activities with the target group and give personal feedback on my achievements, our activities, etc. 
Learning how to use the laser cutter and 3d printer was the best part
The teaching has made extensive use of digital technology. Sources could have been in digital format, theses could have been produced in digital format and group work could have been designed and done on one of the digital platforms. 
-
The use of technology and digitalisation has perhaps been the most important lesson, as it is a long time since my own school years and none of the applications I now have were even possible then. Even though not everything was presented in such detail in teacher training, the threshold is lower now for learning how to use a new programme or application. Different courses, different group work, with people of different ages has been the biggest learning experience. So another important observation has been that it is worth thinking and doing things together, it is very fruitful and meaningful, even if it often requires a lot of coordination of schedules and takes more time overall. Group work has also helped me learn to justify my views better and I have learned a lot about people; about ways of working, thinking and motivation. At the same time, you can mirror everything through yourself, and it is possible to develop at different levels of interaction, for example. 
...
It's pretty weak. I can't think of it. 
-
lifelong learning
Stopmotion film was fun to make.
Probably the most important experience is related to building a vision of education and how it is perceived. Marjatta Kalliala, associate professor of early childhood education, often talked in her lectures about how "one idea is not enough". I feel that understanding this has been central to my thinking in general; the phenomena we encounter are never so unambiguous that there is only one perspective or solution.I believe that in the future, in an increasingly complex world, the effort to understand and seek multiple perspectives will play an even more crucial role in order to cope with ourselves and others. 
The elective courses have provided guidance and support for the overall learning experience, and the teachers have also provided interesting food for thought.
-
The best experience of these is (via an advertisement via university email) access to a couple of hours of coding training. It opened up insights into the basics of coding, which again had not been covered in any way at university. Hopefully this has now changed with the current degree requirements...
Interesting and life related content. The English course was really instructive, one of the most important learning experiences of the whole academic year. The teacher's constructive interaction and excellent assignments and appropriately interactive and cheerful approach were crucial.
Learning to use different communication platforms.
Flexible use of cloud computing and some applications for learning. Critical reflection.

Collaboration skills are emphasised in our studies and we have a lot of pair projects and group work. I remember the group work in particular with fondness, the best of course were the groups where the chemistry met, but I am also happy with the groups where we were able to compromise after the initial stumble. In addition, we have worked a lot on digital skills, and I particularly like the animation app from the visual arts course, which can be used with children.
The extensive group work has been the best part of the course, as the aspect of collaboration and interaction skills is a very key area of expertise.
We have made extensive use of different digital platforms, e.g. for group work. At first this seemed like a burden, but later I realised that the purpose was to get to know and learn how to use different software.
'- from whose point of view you teach, whose history, whose cultural heritage, values etc., the white European man or whom, so a critical view also on teaching materials and contents - "man first" no matter which robot you drag as material, the most important is the encounter between student and teacher as a human being every day, attention and acceptance, appreciation and contact, taking care of ourselves, each other, our neighbours and the environment every day
What I have internalised most is the importance of critical literacy and multiple literacies as part of all subjects.
The emphasis on the whole process of crafting, including planning and self-evaluation of one's own work and reflection on one's work, is important. The use of digital tools and various new technological tools and opportunities in craft education
Completion of an online course in complementary subjects.
...
-
I have learned many things from other students, such as how to use applications (e.g. Kahoot)
I don't know
The seminar tutor teaching in the Graduate Seminar has been the most useful in the 21st century skills. That is, so-called contact teaching in small groups.
The digital skills course for teachers gave a lot of new skills.
Using cloud environments Using technology in teaching Learning to code
The most useful thing I found during my studies was the introduction to different digital applications etc., e.g. in the visual arts course we used iPads to make animations. I have found these practical examples to be the most meaningful and memorable.
There is no
E-books and mobile devices make it possible. Also, the equipment integrated into the school (video projector/ whiteboard/smartboard/television) generally sync well with the current equipment. 
The long minor in Fine Arts included a course on design and architecture, where we were able to focus in small groups on topics of interest to us and present the output in the way we wanted. Working with a good partner was meaningful and others' work was interesting because they all had very different perspectives and work.   In the course on curriculum and assessment etc. we worked through articles in small groups. Each person took a turn to present an article and lead a discussion. Each time someone acted as a scribe. We think we learned a lot and our understanding of the diversity of knowledge and source criticism increased. However, not every course can have group work, but here it was appropriate. 
I did not read a single question
The importance of human encounter, dealing with interpersonal skills.
The most significant experiences were probably digital information retrieval (including source criticism), collaborative projects and brainstorming with fellow students, and various presentations.
The best learning I have had has been on collaboration and interaction skills. 
Collaboration skills
Technology skills have been the most present in our teaching and have given me good practice for my future career as a teacher. In my teaching practice, I have had the opportunity to experiment with integrating different devices into teaching, as well as teaching digital skills, which have given me confidence in teaching. 
Perhaps knowledge acquisition to support my own professional development 
.
These skills have been well practised in teacher pedagogical studies.
I do not think that I have learnt any of these skills during my studies. For example, the systematic teaching of information retrieval and critical thinking has been lacking. These are skills that I have learned in university studies and in practical working life. Teachers/tutors have little expertise or even interest or understanding of these skills.   The only thing they invested in to some extent was compulsory IT skills. However, even this has been outsourced to nationally assessed self-study in VET. 
We did PechaKucha, but the technical stuff was taught by my husband and not by the educational institution...
The versatile "digital use" of different channels in teacher training is a good thing. 
The use of different digital tools and the tasks that can be carried out with them, which also serve as interventions.
The use of digital tools, especially in mass situations where everyone's voice could be heard despite the large crowd, was very well emphasised. The importance of peer observation and peer review and the related dialogues to take into account different perspectives was really fruitful.
Learning about digital learning environments has been enriching
I learned to use a wide range of methods in my teaching.
The Verme peer mentoring group
Anyone can learn, you just have to know how to choose the right teaching method.
I had to take (got to take) a BIG digital lesson! And there are still many leaps to jump to keep up with digital methods and how to use them effectively and appropriately.
 Meeting different people. My own work is hands-on and it's a pleasure to see how students succeed
In group lessons I have learned many useful skills: using technology when working in groups and working in e-learning environments. Face-to-face interaction skills have also developed in group lessons. 
Good teaching
-
Using different software and applications, i.e. diversifying methods
Creative learning methods, large group pedagogy
I have discovered the importance of the role of the teacher in global issues and the importance of teacher ethics.
Finding sources, discovering the essentials in materials, critical reading skills, summarising/summarising/writing skills, collaborative skills, learning about different digital tools and learning about different ways of teaching/presenting.
using animation software
--
Training sessions. E.g. I only got to try out Abit in a training school, not in any course.
Learning through videoproduction course
I needed digitizers in almost every course.
Various group work skills and peer feedback.
Since this is the first open question, I'll mention here that I answered based on my situation last spring. So now I have already graduated in teacher pedagogy, but it was the first and only year of my studies at that time (teacher pedagogy special studies). Answer to the question: before the teacher pedagogical studies, I took a basic course in education at an open university. Some of the courses were online courses, where I learned a lot about self-direction and how to produce written outputs. In the actual teacher pedagogy course, we did a lot of group work, which taught me teamwork skills.
I studied the basic and subject studies in special pedagogy at work, which gave me a lot of different skills for my work at the Open University. At the University of Helsinki, the best thing was to be able to try out what I had learned in the classroom.
Working in seminars and discussions and exercises in subject didactics groups (ue, fi, et).
The skills of critical analysis of data. 
The exchange was the best experience. Students in the same situation from around the world are thrown into the same class to study for five months. 
Maybe not the best or most important, but a variety of digital tools were made available for good use. 
Realising how to use digital tools
-
Project-based learning and problem-based learning, as well as team-based learning, have become very familiar and I have found them to be effective. Collaborative learning is my thing. Just as I find co-teaching useful!
No comment
My own teaching days
Shut up and don't question the ope.
Really great peer work in our team.Great to introduce new digital tools.Interaction skills will improve.
I can't say
Some theoretical concepts were reviewed. "The power of peer groups".
Confidence, digital skills, knowledge
Discussions within the group and with the teacher and visits to different places in the context of the studies
At the beginning of the pedagogical studies, it was really confusing that there was no ready-made course plan and performance requirements at all! Once the idea of competence-based learning and setting your own goals became clearer, the studies became really useful on many levels.
In university pedagogy, we dealt with the student's relationship with the educational institution and the production of knowledge.
Creating a new way of thinking, from the teacher's point of view.
A lot of new stuff - sometimes challenging to absorb. How to grasp the big picture.
Digital learning is an essential part of 21st century teacher education.
The most important skill for a teacher is always to be a subject matter expert. If the basis for face-to-face teaching is eroded, as it largely is now, the digital skills of the 21st century will not bridge this gap. Physical presence also has other positive aspects beyond the pure learning aspect, which in my experience is also more effective in the classroom than remotely from home.' Ultimately, a teacher's face-to-face teaching skills will suffer if they are not actively practised. 
Cooperation and presentation
internationality, use of different platforms and orientation towards their use
the studies include a lot of networking
Working with students on work-life projects, including app development, and producing content such as blogs, videos and posts for social media
The best and most important experience is definitely learning to operate in uncertain times and to tolerate uncertainty about the future.
For the first time, I am in a situation where group work is done together, rather than me doing it alone or the group doing it alone.
The basics of teaching gave me a good basis for expanding my own professionalism and skills. Deepening your knowledge is easier when you know what basic work is and what you need to master. 
:)
A carefully guided group of graduate students, where students were supported with knowledgeable, good, consistent, supportive and well-organized ways to investigate their own chosen research topic. As well as varied teacher/guidance resource days with a range of small group exercises and short expert lectures and pre-assignments with critical and varied material.
The concept of learning has changed from previous school years. Learning is fun and collaborative. 
The main emphasis is on learning a varied pedagogy and on educational electives related to digitalisation and digital skills.
A variety of digital tools and e-learning design
The entrepreneurship education courses, as well as the further education courses "getting to know you" and "diversity dynamics for your work" were for me really courses that opened up future skills and perspectives.
Unfortunately, I don't think JAMK's teaching included teaching these skills, or even discussing them. A meaningful learning experience does not come to mind. 
Digitalisation studies important
The varied collaboration with fellow students and the different study groups provide many different and new perspectives on my own teaching. I gain perspective and additional interdisciplinary knowledge on many issues while networking with experts in different fields. 
Use of new digital platforms, online exams, online group discussions, etc. Group learning, receiving and giving peer review and feedback Wider use of networking
Students are smarter than before. It has been noticed.
I have learned to pay more attention to my own teaching. In addition, my digital skills have increased, even though I am at the very beginning of my studies.
-
All my learning is online, so I've learned to use a variety of online platforms for collaboration and communication.
-
..kahoot... 
Using self-made videos in teaching.
Digital whiteboards
Group work with participants from different parts of Finland. The work combines all the skills of the 21st century, including the international dimension because the programme is international and in English.
There are no good experiences
Learning in a learning circle has developed many 21st century skills. The different online environments, which have been used to successfully complete assignments, have taught working online and, on the other hand, working in a group and taking responsibility for the progress of studies. Peer assessment helps you to develop and helps others to develop.  Certainly one of the most developmental of these is the teaching internship, which I have not yet completed.
Learning new media teaching technologies
Understanding how to use your own. Having the courage to experiment with different teaching methods. Reforming one's own teaching.
Learning and getting ideas from the group/class
Stories shared by teaching colleagues about situations and acting in them with their successes/failures.
Peer learning, working online, digital literacy, legal literacy, self-assessment, giving and receiving feedback, using your own creativity in performing and teaching
eLearning
Educational technology, collaborative working, critical thinking
The observation is that the "digital age" is just around the corner and we are living in an era of great upheaval. Teaching, like the rest of our lives, will change dramatically over the next decades.  
Managing an emergency shelter provided a wealth of learning experiences that I used in my learning activities.
Organising online courses 
My main experiences have been related to working together, various exercises/presentations with other students, interesting discussions. As I have no previous teaching experience, I also found small teaching practice sessions important. I have learned a lot about digital tools. The elective courses play a big role in how much you get out of your teacher training. They complement. 
I've only been studying to be a teacher for 3 months, so it's hard to say. I've only just started my traineeship and have no previous teaching experience.
Peer support
Teaching these subjects with knowledgeable friends has given me a first taste of how to use them
}