Scarcity of courses.
the truth does not always correspond to the ideal taught e.g. the resources are not enough to implement my ideas
Most of the learning is self-study. 
Most of the time students are assumed to know the skills beforehand, so there hasn't really been any teaching, things have just been mentioned.
Some teachers impatient; only promoting their own cause, not genuinely supporting the student. For example, the skill of internationalisation is something you have to take on yourself (on the other hand, it helps the student to be self-directed); some teachers don't understand/participate. In addition, the cooperation skills of teachers at the university could be improved.  Creativity and innovation could be supported more, for example by offering opportunities for different ways of carrying out tasks.
Too open guidelines for group work. Motivation is reduced when time is taken to coordinate group schedules. Source literature is often difficult to access. It is good if the required source literature is immediately available, e.g. in Moodle. In my experience, large-scale and excessively long group work as independent work is also inefficient in terms of time, efficiency and the benefits to be gained. 
Groups in which interaction does not work bring a peculiar and unnecessary burden to the learning process. 
Fear of machines
Lack of organisational skills on the part of the instructor
The fact that many things related to technology seem difficult and distant when they are not used much in one's daily life.
At university, we don't know how to use digital stuff, i.e. they don't teach it to us.
We have not been able to learn English properly, as all the courses (except the compulsory English course I mentioned above) have been in Finnish. There are also very few exchange students in our courses in general. I can only remember meeting one exchange student on our courses during these five years. So there have been no situations where we have had to use a lot of English.
How are critical thinking skills taught at an early age?
Teacher training hardly supports students' self-direction. They try to encourage it by leaving it up to the students themselves, but it does not really encourage self-direction because there is no help available. It is more like abandonment than support.  There is almost no consideration of different ways of learning. In teacher training you almost have to adapt to being social and outgoing when there is so much group work and in craft teacher training you have to explain all the work and justify your decisions to the whole group, even though the background to the work may be very personal. However, not all student teachers are extroverted and social and therefore do not learn as effectively. I have also thought that it is really contradictory when the university takes little account of the different learning styles of students, but at the same time we teachers are lectured about different learning styles and differentiation. However, the practices of teacher education set an example to student teachers that all students can be required to follow the same format and there is little room for different learning styles. Does this provide the future teacher with a model of behaviour that will lead him or her to become a teacher of such young children without realising it?  Even if someone has a concentration disorder and has to study the same things at home in silence, when the lecture has been spent watching other people and lost in one's own thoughts, there is a very high attendance requirement. This means that more time is spent on studying and it is a burden.  Feedback should always be practised in smaller groups. It's a nightmare in front of a whole large group, but that's often how teacher training works. I have not heard anyone say that it is a good situation for teaching giving or receiving feedback. On the contrary, it sometimes makes one fear these situations when it doesn't happen safely in a small group.  In the same way that in recent years there has sometimes been talk about whether everyday/life management skills should be one of the subjects taught in primary school, I think it should also be discussed in relation to teacher training. Even if student teachers are already adults and take responsibility for their own lives, how can you teach students when your own education has set such a bad example of the same thing? Studies and life are stressful, there is a lot of school work and courses to do and all sorts of things going on in your personal life, but university does not teach you how to manage everyday life/stress, how to schedule your studies, etc. Sometimes that is the only reason why some courses are not taken or are taken badly, so that learning is limited. The energy and effort is there, but in previous education, scheduling etc. has been more prepared and thus learning has never been completely self-directed before university.
So can we assume that everyone at university will suddenly be able to schedule and manage everything well, even though the university system is completely new compared to primary and secondary school, and many young people have only just moved away from home. In addition to independent study, you may also learn to live independently in everyday life and emotionally go through the process of becoming independent from parents and home.  Sometimes instructions are unclear and communication is poor. In colloquial language, some things are referred to by quite different names from the names under which they are found in the flamenco, etc. They just say that the instructions can be found in the flama, but when you go looking for them, you hear the words "search" and you can't find anything. Then when you ask for help, it is there under a completely different name and behind many twists and turns.
My poor and retarded skills in media stories. I can't keep up with the others and there is little or no teaching. 
Of course, time was limited and studying 40 credits in just over half a year was quite a task to do while working. Of course, I am still learning a lot of the content related to work. By working together, sharing tasks and knowledge, it was possible to achieve the goal for the year. 
too much study work done alone, old-fashioned study methods too little contact with the real world (children) too few opportunities to go deeper into research into things that would be of interest too little feedback on the work done
there were no specific courses on the subject and it was mainly dealt with in a limited number of different modules
The prevalence of mass lectures and the scarcity of small-group teaching do not provide a very optimal teaching opportunity for testing and feedback
Time.
The first thing that comes to mind is the almost complete absence of feedback. Hundreds if not thousands of pages of work are written, but the only feedback you get is a mark. I don't think that is very effective in developing any 21st century skills or learning and developing them. 
They are not really taught, this survey gave me an indication of what exactly these skills are - some of them are taught, but there is no particular emphasis on them being 21st century skills. And it also seems a bit like skills in using various electronic devices are taken for granted by student teachers, when in reality they are not. 
Digital tasks
Little face-to-face teaching Unrequested feedback on assignments - very little feedback on assignments, even though it is feedback that gives meaning to the assignments
Relatively little attention paid to this issue in the course. 
Very little contact teaching!
There have been no obstacles, but they have also not been emphasised in any way. It has been up to you whether you want to learn and use them or not.
Scheduling and resourcing. Bringing exams on top of teaching practice is silly in terms of lesson planning.
Nothing comes to mind. 
'- The pedagogical studies of a subject teacher focus on irrelevancies, such as a vague description of how the brain works. No one seems to have a cocktail of what skills should be mastered after the course. 
Mass pedagogical lectures: difficult for the teacher to get in touch with a large number of students & lectures are mostly just listening. In general, there is very little practice. Many lecturers seem to be alienated from practice, and if someone asks how thing x works in practice, the question is not answered properly but ignored.  The subjects themselves are also quite distant from the school world, as university teaching is mainly lecture-based. Again, you don't really remember anything about your own schooldays. It is difficult to relate to people in secondary school, for example, when there is no model.
I would like to see a more practical approach to exercises and outputs, and greater use and presentation of digital technologies.   In addition, there is a complete lack of guidance: pedagogical studies have felt the effects of the Big Wheel, which has led to many students being overwhelmed by the courses they have chosen and the degree requirements. The flow of information has also been patchy. 
Overly large groups and rotating groups in group assignments for mass lectures. 
Level of teaching
There are few group lessons and teachers are not always willing/able to use the platforms or tools themselves, making teaching frustrating.
Too much theory and information that is not relevant. Lots of equality preaching but no practice or habits taught. Lots of talk about OPS, but no concrete tools. Too much work just for the sake of work, with no intentional teaching. 
Teacher training mainly focused on vanities. The first two years you study the subject and the other three you play the scholar. Classroom teacher training could preferably be transferred to a polytechnic and the duration of studies reduced by two years.
They didn't talk much about this in the training information, or that this should be taken into account in the training. The training sessions are very intense anyway and you don't have time to take everything into account.
Other than educational psychology, the studies are very teacher-led, which does little to develop self-regulation, for example. Students are also not involved in assessment, for example.
They are talked about, but not taught much
Some course teachers are of an older generation and are not themselves familiar with these skills.
Outside the field of phenomenological studies, courses in subject didactics contain varying degrees of 2000-l skills. Some courses do not develop them at all due to the traditional lecture format of the course instructor.
self-motivation
For example, lack of equipment for learning ICT skills.
The use of information technology to support teaching and enrich pedagogical solutions is not sufficiently taught. The combination of technology and pedagogy was hardly covered in my own 60 credits of pedagogical studies. No wonder that the majority of graduating teachers see technology as an isolated phenomenon whose use is seen more as a distraction and stressor than as a support to teaching. Teacher training is very old-fashioned in this respect.   
My own Stone Age attitude. Digital just doesn't interest, making learning a tar drinking exercise.
I am a digital critic.
Alongside my main job (teaching), getting to grips with different subjects in depth has been a challenge at times. 
Lack of teaching and guidance. Everything has had to be learned and discovered quite independently.
Information literacy should be included in everyday teaching, as it is today with entrepreneurship. Recognising the reliability of sources and producing one's own information through different channels is an important skill to learn from an early age.
There have been no barriers.
'- learning guidance and peer learning and support, poor teaching of digital teaching tools, guidance on interpreting scientific diagrams, 
Busy study schedules
    Finnish language It limited my teaching practice options to English ones.
Being able to compare the old case with current knowledge.
Lack of time. Balancing work and studies. Distances and the difficulty of networking as a result. Other than the ehope group, they were not able to use digital connections as effectively. 
Timetables
Level of teaching
In some courses, the teacher does not have the skills he/she should be teaching us on the course.
my own life situation at the beginning meant that I was not able to study the subject in depth during the first six months
the digital learning environments feel unfinished
There is perhaps little teaching practice after all and it often takes place in one place. Observing and participating in the work of more diverse work communities could provide more opportunity to explore different ways of implementing competency-based and team teaching. In my own placement, for example, team teaching was only just emerging and it was not possible to get to grips with it in my own teaching.
Learning digital technologies has been and still is a tough job.
Variable availability of equipment at university or in traineeships.
-
Little functional learning, too much academia in terms of future employment/career orientation
No teaching at school to use technology, learning is at your own risk 
One of the main obstacles is probably the fact that these skills are not systematically and consistently taught in their entirety during the course of study, but are left to the individual course leaders to teach and thus learn. Moreover, the skills are not sufficiently tested, which means that it is possible to complete teacher training with inadequate skills.
-
Probably the biggest obstacle is often one's own preconceptions. It can be influenced by the attitudes of others, so interpreting your own feelings, being aware of them and keeping an open mind are really important. Criticism is good, but over-criticism is draining. Fixed mindset out of everything you do - it's not easy. There are also a lot of practices in teacher education that are rooted in the past. And the lack of flexibility sometimes shines through, and the different life situations of students are not well taken into account. But there are certainly quite a lot of pieces to the course organisation puzzle, and students really do have a lot of responsibility for their own progress. 
    ...
No licenses and no teaching for software that is important for subject management. No guidance and support. Expensive equipment to buy, but no skills to use it.
Little or no training in technology or how to use it in future work.
Lack of motivation or differences of opinion among other people.
Perhaps the main barriers are related to ICT skills and challenges related to information processing programmes, linked to limited time resources. For example, I do not believe that one can master the use of the SSPS programme in the two hours allocated to it in the studies.
Unclear objectives, inadequate guidance and support, teacher/tutor not being able to catch up and not giving feedback (not knowing what to do)
Teachers still have a rather stilted way of teaching, with responsibility almost entirely passed on to students in the form of group work. 
Some rigidity in the studies. Although I've learned a lot of things, e.g. critical thinking, basic digital stuff etc., I've learned it all outside the university. What I miss is how to use them in my own teaching, i.e. how to use them pedagogically. Support for didactic and pedagogical activities.
The confusion and scope of the teaching arrangements and content. Interaction between teachers and students is sometimes difficult and the atmosphere is sometimes poor. Constant group work is educational, of course, but the amount of it is demotivating. The use of technology and digitalisation is often seen as an end in itself and seems to be out of place.
My own attitudes and the fact that there are so many different applications. Something is done on one platform, something on another, a third on a third, etc... Log in here and there, be active here and there. 
There is little personal feedback and therefore little opportunity to contribute to the development of learning and thinking skills. In addition to personal reflection, there is a place for external feedback. The international aspects of the content are quite limited.
Global skills are less developed, and the use of local communities has not yet been mentioned.
The fact that we students lived so far away from each other that sometimes it was difficult to organise joint meetings, especially during the study distance weeks.
At the beginning of our studies, we had to do more of our work on paper. Towards the end of the studies, we started to go digital.
The main obstacle and shortcoming is the glaring lack of contact teaching and group teaching, mass lectures do not promote many deeper skills, and there is a complete lack of positive psychology as a starting point for student work, a module on promoting cooperation and a module on promoting social skills. however, these are things that are included in the OPS, yet the training does not provide the necessary skills, you have to find them elsewhere
No obstacles.
To my knowledge, the university has not yet had the resources to organise courses on 3D printing, for example, on university premises. 
Tight timetable for studies.
...
Training is lagging behind in terms of what and how to teach the future teacher. For example, technology skills are poorly taught and even that little does not really tell you how to apply them in school. Too much content is crammed into too little time and everything remains superficial. The information is not communicated to students in a smart way.
The rush has sometimes limited the learning of skills. In addition, practical tips and advice could be more useful.
I don't know
Group sizes are too large.
In the subject studies, one teacher has a lot of prohibitions and rules which discourages creative work and experimentation with new ways of working. She would like everyone to do things in a certain way that pleases her... Also, the lack of photoshop, illustrator and in design software on the school computers limits the work a bit.
Resources
Teaching staff have not always been able to communicate the benefits of the skills in a motivating way, or even really know what they are talking about.
I would have liked to see more face-to-face days.
If the school has old technology. 
Time-limited teaching does not correspond to the curriculum or to reality. ICT should be embedded in the curriculum as a tool, and teachers could collaborate better with each other. 
Spamming in data collection is not a good way
They are influenced by a person's personality and experience, a lot is required of the teacher, but studies do not necessarily provide enough learning to achieve the 'best outcome' for all.
The polarity of the learning pathway has created challenges in integrating into the student community. There is very little peer support, but this is partly unintentionally self-inflicted. Without peer support, it is sometimes difficult to reflect on one's own development and competence, even if one's level of competence is good or even above average in some areas.
There has been far too little teaching of ICT skills, multilingualism, entrepreneurship education and self-management.
Lots of independent work, questions difficult to get answers to. Really lonely drudgery at times, a lot of things not learned properly with little face-to-face teaching. Those few face-to-face sessions are spent in a terrible rush to cover at least some of the topics in the course.
I don't remember experiencing any major obstacles. Of course, the lack of equipment can have a major impact, or the course/teaching teacher's ideas about technology. 
Rush in courses -> performance focus 
Network inoperability at times.
I don't know.
'Competency-based' nature of the courses, lack of actual teaching, lack of substance of teaching, lack of expertise of teachers/tutors in these skills.
Digital methods should have been covered more in common rather than having to learn on your own.
Lack of time. Use of time on weekdays.
Requires a lot of personal activity. It could be easier and on the other hand, you could get even more out of it.
There is little internationality, fortunately there has been some at the workplace.
Personal skills and prejudices in working in a digital environment
The biggest barrier is my own courage to try something new.
.
Finding the right teaching method so that everyone learns.
The broad skills needed to master the rapidly changing digital world...
Reducing the number of lessons and combining many subjects. Not enough time to manage everything
Technological problems, e.g. downtime on some sites (moodle for example) or slow connection e.g. office 365 email sharepoint. Also, many courses have had too few group lessons or too many students crammed into the same group. In terms of learning interpersonal skills, it would be important to have smaller group sizes in group lessons (and also in lectures), as it is easier to hold discussions in a smaller group.
I can't say
-
No natural interest in using technology.
My own early learning experiences, lack of varied early education and group work.
Hard to say.
Some issues were covered in a rather superficial way and not enough time was given to absorb the issues.
Resources in the field to teach others (e.g. cameras, computers, pads).
-
Often very theoretical lectures. 
Little integration of skills into teaching
Inaction on their part
Course content - too much lecture-based learning.
Lack of time on courses. Each course has limited time available and the teacher has to think carefully about what to teach with it. For example, I feel that there simply has not been time to teach creative problem solving skills.
Lack of time when there is more than just studying.
The fact that all the studies are in one buzz and at a frenetic pace. Doing a subject teacher's degree in one year and cramming huge amounts of content into a few courses does not lead to deep learning.
It all happens online. 
One of the biggest hurdles in the big wheel has been some unmotivated lecturers who, on the verge of fatigue, have arrived mentally broken down to teach, lecture or lead a group. This is how the atmosphere is transmitted to the students. 
There could be more practical courses
Practical training and shaping your own attitude
-
Lack of time or other resources. On the other hand, resistance to change and a poor attitude towards development on the part of older colleagues.
No comment
-
Unwarranted criticism
Equality
Learning computer science and the unacceptable rush in studies.Working people are in a hurry with this workload both in studies and in the workplace.Reading books and materials takes time and it is taken away from something else.There is no time if you spend 30 hours teaching students to work on new materials.
There is very little teaching
-
There have been no obstacles.
If the subject does not take into account the multiculturalisation of society - e.g. S2 theme or multilingualism or plain language and different learning backgrounds as 'normal' from the outset, it is challenging to naturally integrate different aspects of 21st century skills.
.
lack of traineeships
Sometimes no clear idea of what is expected of me
Some clearly or less clearly instructed group work, when some of my peers are completely clueless about a) what is being done b) what is required c) what has already been done.
Getting the big picture from a large amount of information.
In group work, the so-called 'beta readers'.
Busy working life, I don't have time to cover all the topics to be taught in depth.
There have been no real obstacles.
Embracing the 'digital skills' of the 21st century takes resources away from the more important skills in question. If we were to compare this with, say, theatre studies, I don't think that the importance of digital skills in the performing arts is seen as very high. In the end, both on stage and in front of the classroom, it is performance skills and expertise in one's subject matter that matter.
Time
uncertainty about one's own skills
The structure of teaching is unclear and you have to plan everything yourself. You don't learn digital skills anywhere if you don't teach them, you just assume that everyone can. Information fragmented across different channels. Lots of group work in teaching, where information is drawn from us learners. Would like more theory knowledge.
Lack of time to explore new technologies
lack of confidence
Perhaps the fact that I would miss more challenges as a person with a research background than AOKK can offer.
My own busyness has limited the opportunity for deep learning. 
I have not experienced major obstacles
Mixing facts and interpretations in subject content, both are needed and belong together, but they should not be mixed because then criticality suffers. In the pedagogical studies of the teacher, a holistic understanding of the given curriculum (and the curriculum to be built on it), what is given is independent of currents of ideas, unchanging, and forms a critical basis for all thinking, not forgetting good pedagogy, where one teaches as if one wants to be taught.
.
The main obstacle was that so many things were completely new to me (learning platforms, digital tools, digital applications, etc.) and often overlapping. A lot of time was spent on processing. Sometimes I felt that I learned very little about many things, and not one thing properly. It has required a lot of additional research and learning/studying on my own time as well. 
Lack of patience
.
Digital skills, collaboration platforms and different applications, I could have used and still need more guidance on how to use these different tools.
These things have not been discussed at all, no exercises/studies to support these skills have been included in the studies
The learning environments in which we work are rigid. This has prevented, among other things, faster progress in studies.
Digital skills are a challenge, I do not have a broad knowledge of the subject and I do not know how to use digital technologies in teaching in a comprehensive way. Here I have a lot to learn and also experiment with in the use of digital technology in teaching. 
Reconciling other life/work with studies Constantly changing study groups Many things remain superficial, no time to go deeper
Time, but that's a bad reason.
Lack of time. The changes that have taken place in the school since the reform have increased the workload considerably.
-
Personal time management, when learning is done at an independent pace and on one's own initiative. 
There is not enough classroom teaching.. 
Lack of personal courage to "tackle" a new subject.
All new
rush, I study while working.
Level of teaching
Working while studying and poor guidance e.g. on teaching practice or study planning. Study group perhaps even too heterogeneous Difficult to share experiences when subject areas are so far apart. 
Newest hardware important Apple Dell computers
No barriers to learning new things
No major obstacles, own motivation
Everyday work in a completely different environment.
Little work experience as a teacher
Work commitment, lack of time
Lack of time, lots of group work made it challenging to fit in schedules.
Many schools and workplaces are not yet ready for this digital age. Technology is not working and resistance to change is still high. 
Work disturbances
the course was crowded, but at least I got in
The biggest obstacle to my teacher training overall has been my tutor teacher. I have felt that he has not been fully interested in his work. For example, he has often been a bit lost in the subject being taught, talking round and round about it, he is not easy to get hold of, promises to check the assignment but takes a really long time, is out of touch with things like my internship/graduation timetable despite being told many times. Not consistent on how many hours a student has to be in the internship - talks in circles and students with similar backgrounds are not required to have the same number of hours. The objectives of the internship could not be explained.
I am only completing my first course.
Digital skills
In my case, as I am not among the fastest to graduate, what was used once a year ago cannot be remembered. In many other cases, a better group distribution of students studying at different speeds, so that everyone in the teaching group would be in the same situation at the same time, comes into play.
