E.g. multiple literacy, media literacy.
Exploring available teaching apps to make use of in teaching. It takes time to learn and there is no extra time at work! It would be nice to learn more about them at university (maybe later in the training)
I would still like to improve my skills to critically analyse different resources and be able to choose the most reliable one. As I understand it, this will be practiced later in my studies.
-
I feel that these skills have not been taught to us much, or I just don't know how to identify them
Good question, because I am a bit disappointed at the moment. As a student, I feel that I am constantly on the defensive and that I often have no room for negotiation with teachers. So I am trying to develop my negotiation skills:), as well as my IT skills. 
Pedagogical and didactic methods for teaching different content areas, as well as group management skills in a variety of ways: individual, pair, small group and whole group activities and content areas. 
Discussion and interaction skills, in addition to knowledge, of course. The course leader will be involved in discussions to create an open and respectful atmosphere. More writing and reflection on different perspectives. 
Information security
Exams are not helpful in applying knowledge. There should be teaching based on real-life situations.
I would like to see the use of technology in the profession become a "normal thing" for me.
I would like to develop my lesson structure. I don't know how.
Introverted students, student diversity, disruptive behavior, motivation, differentiation, stopping truancy, helping students who don't accept help, working with caregivers who don't cooperate with the school.
-
All 21st century skills would benefit from further development. The main ones that come to mind are technology skills, where I would at least like to develop further, and in terms of internationalisation, I would like to learn English well so that I can interact more with foreigners. I have very few compulsory studies left and they are not related to the development of these skills. My studies should include more technology-related teaching, such as what all would be good to use in my own teaching and what different devices and applications have been developed to help teaching.
ICT skills.
Study scheduling, stress management and presentation. These could be learned by teaching them. Performing could be learned in smaller groups.
I want to develop skills that I could really use with children. Things to do on the pad etc. e.g. animation and filming. I have never used a pad for anything.
Lots of work-related things to do to support both pupils and my current work community as a whole. Also of interest to a wider audience in the future. All my 21st century skills have room for improvement and in many ways my work is one daily study. 
interaction, networking, use of information technology, skills and knowledge, application, integration, multicultural competence, collaboration
digital skills and their teaching in early childhood education and care, internationalism and the challenge of the local environment in early childhood education and care. In fact, all of the above, but specifically designed for early childhood education and care. 
I would like to learn more about teaching programming! 
In a broad sense everything. In particular, as a teacher, I look forward to being able to do more with the students and at the same time develop myself.
There is always room for improvement in everything and you are never finished with anything. I am eager to learn new things and improve on what I have already learned. For example, I would like to develop my creativity as a teacher to the point where I can choose the best teaching methods and learning projects for the situation from my many ideas. In critical thinking, it would make sense to be able to discuss the very broad dilemmas of the educational field, both practical and scientific. It would be a pleasure to hear others' ideas and their arguments. I feel I am good at digital media, my own experience of their necessity/unnecessity is more of a barrier to development. Indeed, digital technologies will be needed in the future, more and more. However, based on my current teaching experience (limited), I would argue that the various digital learning environments and tools that are often so-called 'off the shelf' go too far in terms of skills learning. We jump straight into the deep end. Pupils should first be able to work in digital environments and devices and understand how they work, before games, search engines, word processing, composition applications and so on are pushed out of every box. I've taught 6th graders who didn't know what a cursor was, an internet address bar, a search engine... there is a lot of talk about digital natives, but in my experience, the use of digital devices and applications by pupils is very mechanical. Such observations should be used in teaching, and a tool is not an end in itself if you don't know how to use it in a meaningful way. Hopefully, I will be able to and learn in the workplace to continue to observe such things and support students' learning of 21st century skills.  My own teacher training is at such a late stage that I don't think it will have much impact on skills learning any more. A lot has been up to me up to now. Perhaps my answer is also influenced by the fact that I am currently experiencing a degree of dissatisfaction with my studies. They are not sufficiently linked to practice (theory seems disconnected), the teaching placements are short and relatively few, there is no feedback (except during placements, of course) and I should soon be moving into the world of work... perhaps my dissatisfaction is also influenced by the fact that pursuing one's dreams requires courage, and I cannot credibly claim that my studies have increased my confidence in my own abilities. Perhaps knowledge adds to the pain. Well, at least there is self-criticism and one could try to learn a little from that.  I'm writing this on my phone and long answers are difficult to scroll through on the phone, so I hope it's not terribly confusing.
Actually all the ones mentioned in the questionnaire, I couldn't answer very many of them that those skills were taught WELL. Therefore, I cannot say how my studies could help here, as they have not been of much help so far, so I feel that the development of skills is my own responsibility. 
I want to learn more pedagogical skills
ICT skills, media education skills, work life skills in general (both leadership and sub-skills)
Coding skills. I would also like, while technology is developing and can be used, to think first and foremost about whether it is necessary to use it. Are manual dexterity skills being forgotten?
I would like to holistically learn and develop as a teacher. The biggest challenge I see is the amount of contact teaching. Distance learning and the use of technology do not support professional development. They just make it easier to get through everything and that is not good for anyone in the long run. I hope that this will be taken into account in the future, as it can have a very significant impact on society and even the world. 
I feel I have mastered the skills of the 21st century.
In particular, to deal with groups of students with very different levels of competence and their parents.
Mastering the latest technological applications. 
'- use of different digital platforms, critical literacy and information retrieval 
Home-school cooperation. Interpretation of audiovisual material (included in mother tongue content, but not at all in university studies in literature or Finnish language). 
In my opinion, 21st century skills should be emphasised even more, starting with the teaching of teachers. The features of functional and activating teaching should be introduced as an example in teaching methods and exercises, so that graduating teachers themselves can use them later in their practical work. 
Learning new digital skills for teaching
Digital skills
Coding
I would have liked to see more concrete tools. But you have to get them now on your own. I would have hoped for more self-direction strategies and how to concretely motivate students. It doesn't help if we are just told that "we need to motivate" students when we are not offered any method or concrete strategy. As a teacher we are supposed to be a facilitator, negotiator, tutor, mentor etc, but we are not given any strategies to BE and DEVELOP such roles.   The teacher of the future needs less mindless preaching of theory and more concrete self-transcendence and self-direction so that he or she does not burn out in this blind implementation madness of OPS. He needs to teacher HOW he can be a good self-directing example to students and how he can support students to find their own inner motivation.   It doesn't help if we hear about Dweck's Growth Mindset, but we don't learn HOW to put it into practice in the classroom. 
All skills, but studies are not going to foster them.
I don't think 21st century skills can really be demanded when a teacher first goes to practice teaching.
Developing critical thinking and e.g. media literacy. There is a lot of talk about critical thinking, but it is never anything concrete.
-
-
Skills needed in everyday teaching (not theoretical): using Wilma and other basic school software (including thinking about what to react to and how to react to parents and what not to react to), what the class/group leader needs to know, etc. These are the things that practice teaches best, but there is no time to focus on them during the training.
There is so much to learn that you can't possibly learn it all during your teacher training. In working life, you learn things from a more practical point of view by doing them yourself, whereas in studies things can be quite theoretical.
Internationality and taking into account the global world. Working with exchange students or communicating online and exchanging/sharing information abroad.
ICT skills
Critical thinking, creativity and innovation. Studies can support me in developing these through guidance, inspiration and discussion with other students and teachers.
One area is the integration of technology into pedagogical solutions. Students are fluent users of technology and when teachers are not encouraged to use technology in their teaching, the gap widens between teachers and students in terms of their use of technological skills. A more diverse use of technology would allow for enriching teaching, so teachers will also lose opportunities in their teaching if they are not encouraged to use technology in their teaching from the student stage.  Knowledge and use of technology will also help with other '21st century' teaching skills. For example, it is technology that makes it easy to establish and maintain international contacts. Creativity is enhanced by the use of technological solutions. Community and cooperation skills are enhanced through the use of technology. Technology should not be imposed for its own sake, but for what it can achieve in teaching. Teacher training in Finland is rather old-fashioned in this respect.
Universities should provide opportunities to learn software. The software we use is poorly available and too expensive for students to buy. The university's IT department works too slowly and with too much difficulty when it comes to getting important software onto the department's computer.   From a study point of view, learning how to use virtual documentation and design environments would be useful.
I guess we have to develop these digital skills. Otherwise, I feel I am in tune with the times in terms of my role as an open supervisor.
Pedagogical activation tools.
-
Keeping up with developments in teaching tools and digital pedagogy.
I would like to develop classroom management and the forward flow of teaching. Good pre-planning will help a lot in this respect.
I want to develop a wide range of skills and keep abreast of current developments and possible future directions.
---
'- how to develop co-teaching to be more effective and acceptable across subject boundaries in a real school culture, - more diverse co-learning with different teacher training disciplines.
Teaching practice will hopefully bring more skills in self-teaching and presentation.
Digital teaching tools Collaborative and interactive teaching methods
Learning from mistakes.
I would have liked to strengthen my own 21st century skills with pedagogical skills, which is why I was interested in the course in the first place. Unfortunately, the studies did not meet my expectations. As a result, my studies will not be completed.
Practical skills. You learn by doing. Where can I find a job?
I need to learn more about teaching... and also maybe it should be taught more.
Digital teaching skills
They need more guidance in the beginning. Now you just have to learn yourself and keep up with it. 
I feel that I can use all I have learned in the future even if I don't continue teaching
Interpersonal skills, communication, digital environments to support - or replace - face-to-face teaching. 
I still need a lot of development in all areas. especially taking into account individual differences is still a challenge at this level of competence. Team teaching is something I would really like to try out.
Teaching techniques. More cooperation with teachers and students in vocational schools even before the traineeship.
Overall, all future skills and especially how to transfer them to students.
Encountering pupils in more difficult situations in everyday life. I would also like to learn how to teach pupils with learning difficulties as well as possible. 
I want to develop my openness to diversity and learn how to work with and guide students with all kinds of support needs. 
I have not yet mastered how to create an electronic portfolio. Not taught how to use Smartboard
I feel that the orientation of critical thinking towards, for example, the politicisation of the curriculum is completely missing from the training programme. The curriculum is not seen as the result of political negotiations and power struggles in the political arena, but as a self-evident document according to which teachers act.
-
The course sparked an interest in the mechanisms of learning and the psychology of learning was a very important and interesting subject, but unfortunately briefly covered, at least in the agenda of subject teachers. Now, however, I can search for information fluently on any subject when my interest is aroused. As a teacher, I would like to be able to convey the importance of an open, investigative attitude to human mental health, and the most important thing of all: allowing mistakes. Mistakes and imperfection are part of life and the learning process, and perfectionism is usually a burden. The field of positive psychology is an area I would like to explore further. 

I no longer believe that my studies can be of any use to me as a student, as education is stuck in the previous millennium. 
-
digital skills
ICT skills, innovation and creativity.
The traditional skills of the teacher will continue to be essential in the future: ways of managing groups and meeting the needs of the children. How to differentiate in practice if I am alone? Practical examples and applications from teachers even more strongly would be welcome instead of group work by students. Demonstrations have their place, but sometimes it seems that in practice it would make more sense to listen more to the lecturers themselves, as they are experts in their field.
The use of information technology in teaching
I believe that learning and teaching should also emphasise skills other than those of working in pairs and groups, which now dominate the whole field of nursery teacher education. Critical thinking and discussion skills are not practised. 
Teacher training has taught me that I can never learn too much or even enough, there is always something new to learn. I would like to develop my technology skills, such as coding, and the use of different digital learning environments in teaching. Not enough is said about them in our training!
Building up knowledge and skills, ways to contribute to the educational debate. 
Using 21st century skills wisely and skilfully 
Communicating, analysing, interacting, searching for information. Exploring, practising and applying methods in learning.
Solving complex problems and clarifying one's own views. Our sector is primarily values-based, so it is important to understand how there is no right answer to everything and to be aware of your own views. We discuss a lot in our studies and go through different interpretations, so I think in two years I will be more confident in my views.
The only solution to this dilemma is to establish digital links - I don't know how to organise video conferences at the moment because of my lack of techno-logical skills. So, developing technological skills.
I would like to learn how to make/develop websites.
Collaboration, positive psychology, social skills, promoting these in groups of students 
Digital technologies can be developed indefinitely, but it is also essential that teaching is not approached from the point of view of tools, but from the point of view of objectives and content.
I would like to learn more about different learning difficulties and how to deal with challenging pupils.
Teaching ICT skills to pre-school children.
...
-
I want to learn how to support pupils' skills and motivation to evaluate and critically use different media to support their own learning.
I would like to learn how to use technology in practice, e.g. smartboards
Testing/teaching digital learning environments.
Not to have too limited assignments and too many prohibitions and rules.
Coding Controlling children's screen time
I would love to develop all my skills, but now after graduation I can no longer take advantage of teacher training in this.
I don't know
Courses/workshops outlining the work of a teacher when pupils have already gone home. What time is involved and how to deal with carers in concrete terms. 
I would like to be able to use TV more fluently in my work, fortunately many schools have digital tutoring etc. Facing and working with diversity (e.g. pupils with challenging behaviour, learning difficulties and different ways of working) is very demanding for teachers, I don't know how training could support this.
Learn the ethics of doing research like the rest of us do
Interaction skills, interpretation skills for different types of pupils, digital skills in particular. I think training in particular plays a big role in learning these skills, but also quality and functional teaching.
Digital skills and the creation of a collaborative network should be developed. Digital skills are partly practised alongside my own studies, but perhaps a seminar on practical digital applications etc. would be useful. Creating a cooperation network is very much a matter of personal activity.
In particular, I want to develop my ICT skills so that I can use them with my pupils.
More practical methods and ways of applying theory.
I would like to see further development of critical thinking skills, self-direction and international cooperation skills. Our teaching should be more international in order to develop the related areas in our students. Diverse teaching and more practice in teaching, not only teaching practice but also other things that teachers encounter in their work, such as interaction with the home, educational situations, bullying, etc. They should be included more in the university teaching, so that we would learn how to get a basis for how to act in them and how to solve the situation. It would also be important to have more contact with a "real" school during your studies, e.g. through different projects. 
Teaching methods 
Teaching interaction. I know how to confront students, but how to get them to confront each other with respect.
I want to improve my skills even more.
For example, group management and IT skills. However, my studies have not provided any systematic or comprehensive approach to these.
I would like to take a course where these are systematically covered.
Psychological skills.
Sharing and reflecting on experiences is important. Of course, it is difficult if there is not much experience among us. Personally, I learn best when I hear good experiences and applications.
I have just graduated as a vocational teacher and I would like to broaden my knowledge through content studies. I have a degree in engineering, but I work in business development and am interested in teaching in that field, so business studies are on my agenda.
Interaction skills, using operational methods in teaching
I want to learn functional teaching methods.
Digital technologies
Self-teaching and teaching situations. More teaching situation practice with student teachers.
Further use and exploitation of digital methods etc.
More digital opportunities
Digital skills and critical thinking teaching skills, and using these skills to motivate children and in a child-centred way. ICT teaching in schools should focus on practical teaching: there should be group lessons where students learn how to use different programmes and technology skills are taught together, with the help of a university teacher (and other students). At present, the study of ICT is too much on the shoulders of the student's self-study, and there is material to read, even though technology skills are developed through practical work. This would motivate them to use the technology themselves, and they would not find it so challenging when working with children either.
I don't know what to say
-
Giving online lectures and using all the functions of AC
combining professional and pedagogical skills, intelligent digital learning and student management solutions
Use of digital tools.
High quality online courses, in-depth learning and different perspectives on different topics (e.g. multiculturalism, internationalism). 
Communication skills, e.g. blogs and websites
-
I would like to be better able to design lessons that would suit both stronger and weaker students. I would like to become more familiar with digital tests. 
I am particularly interested in learning through videos. At the moment, I have taken the only course available in this area, so it's a case of self-study.
How to teach the skills to the right group of students and not just assume that all students are fully motivated etc.
Technology skills and more contacts with different actors in society. I would like to see more courses in mathematics for students studying to become teachers.
If 21st century skills are to be added to a teacher's pedagogical studies on top of everything else already there, I think it is wrong for teachers to increase their workload. If more teachers were hired at university, there would be more resources to teach the new skills. There could also be more cooperation with, for example, primary schools, secondary schools and vocational schools. University student teachers could carry out projects with students from these schools, e.g. game development, art exhibition, peer learning event, the possibilities are endless!
I am a lifelong learner, so I will definitely continue studying alongside work in some way. At the moment, I would like to further develop my language and digital skills.
To better apply my skills to practical teaching work.
Teaching digital skills and multicultural skills. 
I think it would be important for student teachers to be able to test their ideas, produced in groups, in real classrooms. What happens now is that they are quoted on a piece of paper somewhere, presented as ideas to the class and the paper idea is forgotten.   Otherwise it's good fun! Good luck with your research! ;)) 
International connections, local connections - bringing the ideas into the school world.
More exploration of different methods
I want to further develop collaborative learning, but still allowing people to find their own path.
No comment
-
Ilmio-learning and exploratory learning with Eli methods
All
To learn to use more ICT in teaching.The roadmap is now only made to structure and work on lessons.
I don't know
-
More structured collaboration with colleagues. I have had some ideas about using different digital tools.
There are also elements/skills related to personality and community in many professions that I would also like to be able to focus on as a teacher. Such skills could be, for example, the skills of defining one's own work or the skills of "hiding the rush" e.g. in child protection <=> even if you are busy, it should not show in client situations etc.
.
identifying and responding to learning challenges
I do not know
Interaction skills and e-learning methods. These are what I came to learn in my AmO studies.
Training should include psychology and presentation construction, rhetoric, service design, leadership and information analysis. The most important tasks of the future teacher are related to critical thinking, searching and structuring information, and harnessing cognitive abilities to learn by teaching.
More studies, i.e. further opportunities.
-
Digital media
These are the skills I would like to develop, but as the adoption of "21st century digital skills" is seen as more important, my own studies are at least rather superficial or even pointless. 
Most of the skills have already been acquired because of previous studies. So they are not developed now
Anything is possible. I'm just at the beginning.
It would be good to go through different methods of digital learning and think about the pedagogical rationale together.
In OPE studies, more focus could be put on using and exploring new technologies and digital pedagogies instead of talking about the history of the 17th century school system and outdated views on learning.
Well, I myself have no experience of teaching so I would hope to develop in that area. I look forward to the teaching practice.
I'm interested in ways of doing science that are different from the way research is done (I don't mean producing a lightweight version in the name of research on the web. Ideally, research would still be peer-reviewed, and the university would not be, in the words of the late Professor Shivila, an "academic sausage factory" where the same research results have to be published first unfinished and then over and over again under different titles, with only apparent changes in content.
I am deepening my knowledge of the psychology of learning, of the legislation governing education and training, and of the various guidance systems. The constantly evolving teaching methods and related IT solutions are also undoubtedly under constant scrutiny.   
Pedagogical skills
I want to develop skills such as organisation and self-direction. Training in both. (feedback that feedback does not seem to be given in its own box, and that only one institution was asked, so that as a student at two different institutions I gave mixed answers, e.g. from one or the other, when they were combined in the questions).
The use of a variety of methods to support teaching and learning The use of international and local environments in teaching and networking
I feel that I have learnt a lot about digital learning and can use it in quite a variety of ways but I definitely want to develop these skills further. 
I can look for more options
Creativity
I am in the final stages of my teacher training, but in the future I know that I will need to look into digital technologies in my further training.
I want to continue to develop all the skills. It's important that the institution presents at least some kind of scientific basis in the studies, the student has to learn to justify their ideas, views and positions on things. For example, mastering the equipment is not as important as "why the equipment is being used and what the pedagogical aim is".  
Globalisation issues, cultural issues and how to take them into account in teaching.
I want to further develop my own digital skills and the use of a wide range of digital technologies in a meaningful way as part of my teaching. In terms of what is appropriate for what purpose and what is most relevant to the teaching situation. 
More knowledge and skills on teaching methods, digital curriculum design, value diversification 
I want to learn new methods to innovate teaching in many ways. There is a lot of information and finding the right one is difficult. Teacher training helps here.

I want to develop more of my digital skills. That's why I chose elective courses that I think could help and diversify my skills in using different digital devices and software.
-
Time management and applying what I have learnt to my own work and to the work community.
-
1. more chapter material .. 2. self-selected (optional) assignments .. 3. more face-to-face teaching ...  
I want to strengthen my digital skills and learn more about the software that can be used to make digital things happen. My studies have given me the courage to try new things.

Digital skills

pedagogical skills combining digital tools, teaching methods and co-design
All from
Using teaching methods, presenting these during the next few days. 
Artificial intelligence in learning

Future skills, digital teaching environment / e-learning

ope studies at the very beginning, in January internship there you will surely find out what you want to know more about

I would like to learn more about today's teaching methods, tools and environments so that I can apply them effectively to the current situation.
Teaching lessons. Teaching subject areas, planning lessons around a subject area on a yearly, monthly, weekly, daily and hourly basis.  Performing for a variety of learners and groups of different sizes. Teaching and guiding different learners to progress in their studies Assessment, evaluating different learners. Teacher pedagogical studies contribute to the learning and skills development of the above. 

e-learning in teaching.
Teaching technology skills, managing the learning process from start to finish. I am halfway through my teacher training and my teaching placements are just starting. I believe that the placement will help me to further develop my skills.


I need to keep up my constant vim and enthusiasm for new things. 
Civic education skills.

I want to develop my e-teaching skills, which I have been exposed to during my studies.

I want to develop the very basic skills further. Planning, implementing and evaluating teaching. Developing collaborative skills. Mastering teaching methods. Practising digital tools. Mentoring students in practical training. 

I still want to learn different teaching methods and how to use technology to support teaching.


Digital technologies
all skills, but it is no longer possible to learn anything other than the compulsory subjects within the framework of these studies
